Afterwards, while spending time together Rebecca and Lindsey went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a kiss to Mark
Afterwards Patrick and Robert went to the store, and Robert gave a drink to Sara
Then in the morning, Ashley and Vanessa were working at the store. Ashley decided to give a necklace to Brandon
Then Andrew and Jennifer were working at the hospital, and Jennifer decided to give a basketball to Bradley
Then Mary and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Mary said to Kimberly
Then Amanda and Charles went to the school, and Amanda gave a kiss to Lauren
After taking a long break Eric and Bradley went to the restaurant, Eric gave a drink to William
The local big restaurant Steven and Samuel went to had a basketball. Steven gave it to Jose
Then, Jeremy and Jessica were thinking about going to the office. Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then Joshua and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a computer to Emily
Then Jacob and Matthew were working at the restaurant, and Matthew decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Then, Brandon and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Charles
Then in the morning, Richard and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Lisa
Then Allison and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Melissa
Then in the morning, Nathan and Gregory were working at the store. Nathan decided to give a necklace to Daniel
Then, Crystal and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Eric
Then, Kimberly and Mark were thinking about going to the office. Mark wanted to give a basketball to Jonathan
Then Samantha and Courtney went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a bone to Gregory
Then Kevin and Mary were working at the school, and Mary decided to give a computer to Samuel
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Steven were working at the hospital. Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then Aaron and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Afterwards, John and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Brian and Brandon had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brandon gave a computer to Melissa
Then Robert and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then, Amanda and Cody were working at the hospital. Amanda decided to give a basketball to Paul
Then Ashley and Patrick were thinking about going to the office, and Patrick wanted to give a ring to Gregory
After the lunch Courtney and Jessica went to the store, and Jessica gave a basketball to Rebecca
Afterwards, Gregory and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a bone to Richard
Afterwards, Kenneth and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a drink to Emily
Then, Stephen and Ryan had a lot of fun at the station. Stephen gave a necklace to Lisa
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Samuel and James went to the garden, and Samuel gave a bone to Jamie
Then Nicole and Michelle were working at the station, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Lauren
While spending time together Adam and William were commuting to the house, Adam gave a necklace to Travis
After taking a long break Jessica and Andrea went to the store, Jessica gave a snack to Anthony
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Matthew
Afterwards, Paul and Anthony went to the garden. Paul gave a snack to Amy
Then in the morning afterwards, Scott and David had a long argument. Afterwards Scott said to Joseph
Then Jeffrey and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Paul
Then in the morning, Michelle and Bryan were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then, Amy and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then Sara and Stephen were working at the hospital, and Stephen decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then Patrick and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Shannon
Then, Erica and Emily were thinking about going to the store. Erica wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then, Jacob and Alexander had a long argument. Afterwards Alexander said to Christopher
Then, Brittany and Sarah had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Mark and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Vanessa gave a kiss to Andrew
Then in the morning, Katherine and Eric were thinking about going to the garden. Katherine wanted to give a kiss to Rachel
Then Jonathan and Rachel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a bone to Kevin
Then Travis and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Courtney
Then, Robert and Samuel went to the hospital. Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then Michael and Jacob were working at the office, and Jacob decided to give a ring to Heather
Afterwards, Bradley and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a necklace to Jason
Then, Jonathan and Megan had a long argument and after that Megan said to Nathan
Then in the morning, Patrick and Megan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Patrick gave a necklace to Allison
Then Steven and Andrea had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Katie
After the lunch Eric and Allison went to the station, and Allison gave a kiss to Christina
While spending time together Lisa and Travis were commuting to the school, Lisa gave a necklace to Allison
Then Angela and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Angela said to Lauren
Then, Jessica and Erin were thinking about going to the restaurant. Erin wanted to give a computer to David
Then, Alexander and Lisa had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Jacob
Then, Katherine and Lisa had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Daniel
Then Nathan and Laura were working at the station, and Nathan decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then Adam and Jose went to the school, and Adam gave a necklace to Christopher
Afterwards Samuel and Scott went to the garden, and Samuel gave a drink to Rebecca
Then Erin and Emily went to the office, and Emily gave a basketball to Kristen
Then in the morning, Jamie and Dustin had a lot of fun at the office. Jamie gave a drink to Richard
After the lunch Rachel and Katie went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Nicholas
Then, Michael and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a snack to Christina
While spending time together Samantha and Kristen were commuting to the restaurant, Samantha gave a computer to Jose
After the lunch, Amy and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a basketball to Patrick
Afterwards Matthew and Eric went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a bone to Kyle
Then Erica and Matthew had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Erica gave a ring to Eric
Afterwards, Kimberly and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to Gregory
Then in the morning afterwards, Kristen and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Tiffany
Then Amanda and Jesse went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then Laura and Anthony went to the garden, and Laura gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Michael and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then Adam and Kevin had a long argument, and after that Kevin said to Alexander
When soon afterwards Thomas and Jamie got a basketball at the hospital, Thomas decided to give it to Courtney
Then, Patrick and Michael went to the school. Patrick gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Rachel and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a bone to Kevin
Then, Benjamin and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Brandon and Amber went to the restaurant, and Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Then Dustin and Melissa were thinking about going to the station, and Dustin wanted to give a snack to David
Then, Alexander and Sean had a lot of fun at the garden. Sean gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then, Heather and Jeremy were working at the school. Jeremy decided to give a computer to Sean
Then Samuel and Erica had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Jonathan and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a necklace to Jesse
The local big station Kyle and Stephanie went to had a drink. Kyle gave it to Sean
When soon afterwards Joseph and Dustin got a ring at the station, Joseph decided to give the ring to Christina
Then in the morning, Sean and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Benjamin
Then, Christina and Benjamin were working at the school. Christina decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Steven and Aaron went to the station, and Steven gave a computer to Christina
After the lunch Adam and Melissa went to the store, and Melissa gave a necklace to Mary
Then Samuel and Mary went to the hospital, and Mary gave a ring to Jacob
Afterwards Lindsay and John went to the station, and Lindsay gave a basketball to Danielle
Then in the morning, Jacob and Courtney were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jacob wanted to give a bone to Kelly
Then Nicholas and Katherine went to the school, and Nicholas gave a computer to Paul
Then Sean and Mark were thinking about going to the office, and Mark wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Then, Jeremy and Joseph had a lot of fun at the house. Joseph gave a drink to Erin
Then, Kimberly and Sean were working at the hospital. Sean decided to give a basketball to Christina
Then, Lindsay and Sara were working at the office. Sara decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then Michael and Nicole went to the store, and Nicole gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Kyle and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Matthew
Then Nicole and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Scott gave a computer to Jason
Then Lisa and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Daniel
Afterwards Brian and Jeffrey went to the restaurant, and Jeffrey gave a drink to Jesse
After the lunch, Sean and Ryan went to the hospital. Sean gave a bone to Christina
Then Samantha and Katie had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Elizabeth
Afterwards, John and Kristen went to the hospital. John gave a drink to Mary
Then, Angela and Amy were working at the station. Angela decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then Heather and Amber went to the station, and Amber gave a kiss to Travis
Afterwards Michael and Jennifer went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Michelle and Kristen were working at the hospital. Kristen decided to give a drink to Alicia
Friends separated at birth Matthew and Amy found a necklace at the house. Matthew gave it to Melissa
Then Emily and Matthew were working at the school, and Matthew decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then, Tiffany and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Kevin
The local big office David and Cody went to had a snack. David gave it to Justin
After the lunch, Shannon and Jacob went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then Charles and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Nicole
Then Benjamin and Danielle were thinking about going to the office, and Danielle wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Then in the morning, Nicole and Brittany had a lot of fun at the office. Nicole gave a drink to Kevin
Then Andrea and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Nathan
Then, Gregory and Sean were working at the office. Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
After the lunch Amy and Joshua went to the store, and Amy gave a snack to John
Then Emily and Erin went to the office, and Emily gave a basketball to Kristen
Then, Robert and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Rachel
Then Samantha and Allison had a lot of fun at the garden, and Samantha gave a computer to Stephen
Then Angela and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Nicole
Then, Lisa and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a necklace to Nathan
Afterwards, Nathan and Angela went to the hospital. Angela gave a drink to Amber
Afterwards, Jeremy and Robert went to the station. Jeremy gave a basketball to Lisa
Then, Allison and Timothy had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Michelle
Afterwards, Shannon and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a snack to Joseph
Then Jeffrey and Brian had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brian gave a drink to Alexander
Then Melissa and Scott were thinking about going to the store, and Melissa wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then Jonathan and Sean were thinking about going to the station, and Sean wanted to give a bone to Travis
Then, Elizabeth and Timothy were thinking about going to the school. Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then Matthew and Jacob were working at the restaurant, and Matthew decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Afterwards, Kenneth and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Jesse and Kimberly went to the station, and Kimberly gave a computer to Samantha
Then, Michael and Aaron had a lot of fun at the hospital. Aaron gave a computer to Eric
After the lunch, Amanda and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to Brian
Then Bryan and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden, and Bryan wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then, Katherine and David were working at the garden. Katherine decided to give a basketball to Kristen
When soon afterwards Alexander and Stephanie got a ring at the garden, Alexander decided to give it to Megan
Then, Eric and Paul had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
Friends separated at birth Brian and Eric found a bone at the station. Brian gave it to Sara
Then in the morning, Angela and Andrea went to the house. Angela gave a drink to Jamie
After the lunch, Rachel and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a ring to Adam
Then Kristen and John had a long argument, and after that John said to Shannon
Then Vanessa and Jesse were working at the office, and Vanessa decided to give a ring to Katherine
Then in the morning, Kevin and Amber were working at the house. Kevin decided to give a kiss to Patrick
Then, Gregory and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Heather
Then Erin and Mark had a long argument, and afterwards Erin said to Jamie
Then Melissa and Samantha went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then, Katie and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to Ryan
Then Cody and Megan went to the hospital, and Megan gave a bone to Nicole
Afterwards, Kristen and Jessica went to the house. Jessica gave a basketball to Christine
Afterwards William and Courtney went to the school, and William gave a necklace to Brandon
Then Dustin and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a kiss to Charles
The local big station Katherine and Ashley went to had a basketball. Katherine gave it to Samuel
Then, Jamie and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant. John gave a necklace to Timothy
Then Samuel and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Patrick
After the lunch, Gregory and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a necklace to Kyle
After the lunch Christine and Kristen went to the store, and Christine gave a ring to Heather
The local big restaurant Andrea and William went to had a basketball. Andrea gave it to Sara
After the lunch in the afternoon, Daniel and Thomas went to the house. Daniel gave a snack to James
The local big house Daniel and Kristen went to had a drink. Daniel gave it to Adam
Then Benjamin and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Steven and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Eric
Then Matthew and Eric went to the garden, and Matthew gave a computer to Erica
Then, Kimberly and Jacob were thinking about going to the office. Kimberly wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Then David and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and John gave a basketball to Stephen
Then Samantha and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the school, and Samantha gave a bone to Andrew
The local big garden Jessica and Nicole went to had a necklace. Jessica gave it to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Stephen and Michelle were thinking about going to the restaurant. Stephen wanted to give a snack to Steven
Then, Kristen and Megan were thinking about going to the station. Megan wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Afterwards David and Samantha went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, John and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a drink to David
Then, Rachel and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Samuel
Then Jeremy and Timothy went to the store, and Timothy gave a basketball to Katherine
Then, John and Matthew were working at the house. John decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Brandon and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to Anthony
After the lunch Paul and Heather went to the station, and Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Brittany and Jason went to the station. Brittany gave a ring to Jeremy
Afterwards, Megan and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Afterwards, Emily and David went to the store. Emily gave a bone to Gregory
Afterwards, Matthew and Eric went to the hospital. Matthew gave a bone to Kyle
Then Emily and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Tiffany
Then Jennifer and Aaron went to the office, and Aaron gave a necklace to Courtney
After the lunch Heather and Laura went to the hospital, and Laura gave a ring to Kristen
Then Ryan and Justin were thinking about going to the school, and Justin wanted to give a necklace to Jonathan
Then Jeremy and Travis were thinking about going to the store, and Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Andrea and James had a long argument and after that James said to Jessica
Then Jessica and Erin were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Erin wanted to give a computer to David
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephanie and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Crystal
Then, Matthew and Brian went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Steven and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Scott
Then Dustin and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Anthony
Afterwards, Patrick and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a drink to Matthew
Then Amy and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Scott
Then, Andrea and Amanda had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Jason
Then Shannon and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Justin
Then, Lindsay and Matthew were working at the hospital. Matthew decided to give a computer to Jesse
Then, Nathan and Sarah had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sarah gave a ring to Richard
Then Nathan and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Bradley
Then, Ashley and Melissa were thinking about going to the store. Melissa wanted to give a snack to Travis
Afterwards, Jamie and Mark went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Nicole
Then Allison and Nicholas went to the school, and Allison gave a necklace to Brandon
Then, Crystal and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the house. Jeffrey gave a ring to Matthew
Afterwards Kyle and Stephen went to the house, and Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Stephen and Adam were working at the office, and Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
After the lunch, Kevin and Samantha went to the hospital. Samantha gave a basketball to Sean
Then Richard and Amy were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Richard wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch Mark and Benjamin went to the station, and Mark gave a computer to Nicole
Then David and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Then, Adam and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a drink to Laura
Then Erica and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Jeffrey
While spending time together Alexander and Lauren were working at the restaurant, Alexander gave a kiss to Samuel
Then, Sara and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Michelle
Then, Amy and Dustin were thinking about going to the hospital. Dustin wanted to give a snack to Joseph
After the lunch Scott and Nicholas went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Steven and Travis had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Vanessa
Afterwards, Cody and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Timothy and David were thinking about going to the office. Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
When soon afterwards Christopher and Michael got a drink at the restaurant, Christopher decided to give the drink to Alicia
Then, Alicia and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Alicia gave a drink to Stephen
Then Lindsey and Michelle went to the office, and Michelle gave a drink to Ryan
Then, Gregory and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Lindsey
Afterwards, Jennifer and Kevin went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Jacob and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Charles
Then Samuel and Christine had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Stephanie
Then, Lauren and Elizabeth were working at the house. Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Richard
Then in the morning afterwards, Lauren and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Andrew
After the lunch Timothy and Mark went to the garden, and Mark gave a computer to Courtney
Then Nathan and Adam were working at the garden, and Adam decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Charles and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden. Samuel gave a computer to Angela
While spending time together Lindsay and David were working at the garden, Lindsay gave a drink to Erin
When soon afterwards Jose and Scott got a drink at the garden, Jose decided to give the drink to Patrick
Then, Amanda and Erica went to the school. Amanda gave a computer to Jason
Then, Michelle and Lindsay were working at the garden. Michelle decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then Stephanie and Erin went to the school, and Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Friends separated at birth Nicholas and Megan found a ring at the house. Nicholas gave it to Jesse
Then Angela and Robert had a long argument, and after that Angela said to Brittany
Then, Elizabeth and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Kyle and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Timothy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Stephanie and Christina went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Katie and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden. Jeffrey gave a snack to Richard
Then, Michelle and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station. Bradley gave a bone to Charles
After the lunch Thomas and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a drink to Benjamin
Afterwards Andrea and William went to the garden, and Andrea gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, Allison and Nicholas went to the school. Allison gave a necklace to Brandon
Then Andrea and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kyle gave a computer to Kenneth
Then, Travis and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Sean
Then, Richard and Tiffany were working at the school. Richard decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then Paul and Rachel went to the store, and Paul gave a snack to Brittany
Afterwards Travis and Lauren went to the house, and Travis gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Kimberly and James had a lot of fun at the school. James gave a ring to William
While spending time together Ryan and Travis were commuting to the house, Ryan gave a snack to Allison
Then Charles and Joshua were working at the house, and Joshua decided to give a basketball to Alexander
Afterwards, James and Samuel went to the station. Samuel gave a snack to Kyle
Then, Alicia and Jacob had a long argument and after that Jacob said to Dustin
Then William and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Jose
Then, Elizabeth and John had a lot of fun at the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Bryan and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Amanda
Then, Christina and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a bone to Allison
Then, Christopher and David had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Brittany
Then in the morning, Kelly and Charles were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Afterwards Allison and Mary went to the hospital, and Allison gave a snack to Stephanie
After the lunch, Courtney and Katie went to the garden. Courtney gave a drink to Heather
Then, Gregory and Bradley had a lot of fun at the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Richard and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the office. Richard gave a bone to Tyler
Then in the morning afterwards, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then Justin and Jose had a long argument, and after that Jose said to Sean
When soon afterwards Lauren and Jesse got a computer at the house, Lauren decided to give the computer to Lisa
Afterwards, David and Samantha went to the station. David gave a basketball to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Katherine and Jonathan went to the station. Jonathan gave a basketball to Joshua
Afterwards, while spending time together Richard and Lindsay went to the office. Richard gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards Emily and Anthony went to the office, and Anthony gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Alexander and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kyle gave a drink to Lisa
Then Christina and James went to the house, and Christina gave a ring to Eric
Then, Jacob and Scott were thinking about going to the office. Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Then, Cody and Jose were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jose wanted to give a bone to Anthony
Then, Bradley and Heather had a lot of fun at the school. Heather gave a bone to Crystal
Then Brian and Emily had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Rebecca
Then, James and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then Christina and Matthew had a lot of fun at the office, and Christina gave a computer to Mark
Then Jamie and Kenneth went to the store, and Jamie gave a snack to Katie
Afterwards Eric and Matthew went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a bone to Kyle
Afterwards Courtney and James went to the store, and Courtney gave a kiss to Lindsay
After the lunch Dustin and Christopher went to the station, and Christopher gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Jesse and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a necklace to Lindsay
Then Laura and Lisa went to the station, and Lisa gave a drink to Benjamin
Then Matthew and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Travis
When soon afterwards Kelly and Lindsay got a drink at the restaurant, Kelly decided to give the drink to Stephen
Then Christina and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Danielle
Then Tiffany and Courtney went to the school, and Courtney gave a computer to Erica
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrew and Kelly went to the hospital. Andrew gave a ring to Michael
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Stephen had a lot of fun at the station. Lindsey gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Lindsey and Benjamin were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Afterwards, James and Joseph went to the office. Joseph gave a basketball to Sara
Then Justin and Katherine were working at the hospital, and Katherine decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Melissa and Daniel were thinking about going to the office. Daniel wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then Jeremy and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
Then, Steven and Christine were working at the store. Christine decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Afterwards, Michael and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Kimberly and Gregory had a lot of fun at the office. Kimberly gave a bone to Nathan
Then Kelly and Jason had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Megan
Then Christina and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then Andrea and Gregory went to the store, and Gregory gave a necklace to Dustin
Then, Stephen and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Erica
Then, Lauren and John went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Dustin and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Bryan
Then Jason and Alexander had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alexander gave a bone to William
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Kevin went to the hospital. Ryan gave a bone to Stephen
After the lunch, Justin and Rachel went to the hospital. Justin gave a necklace to Sean
Then Steven and Elizabeth were working at the station, and Elizabeth decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then Jeffrey and Sara went to the store, and Sara gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Brandon and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Andrew gave a ring to Katie
Then Stephen and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Robert
Then, Christopher and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Samuel
Then, Crystal and Heather went to the store. Heather gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Kenneth and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Laura
Then Angela and Steven were working at the restaurant, and Angela decided to give a ring to Scott
Afterwards Justin and Travis went to the office, and Travis gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Katherine and Amanda were working at the garden. Katherine decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Jason and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Kyle
Then Jeffrey and Daniel had a long argument, and afterwards Daniel said to Dustin
Then, Timothy and Lindsey were thinking about going to the office. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Megan
Then, Shannon and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Thomas gave a snack to Jennifer
After taking a long break Jason and Aaron went to the store, Jason gave a snack to Kevin
Then, Kristen and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to James
After the lunch Katie and Kevin went to the garden, and Katie gave a kiss to Dustin
The local big station Jeremy and Nicholas went to had a necklace. Jeremy gave it to Eric
Then Adam and John were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a bone to Angela
Then Stephen and Megan were working at the house, and Stephen decided to give a computer to Andrew
Afterwards, Travis and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a drink to Richard
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jason and Michael went to the house. Jason gave a snack to Travis
Afterwards, Erica and Sara went to the station. Erica gave a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Laura and Lauren went to the house. Laura gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Nicole and Kenneth were thinking about going to the station. Nicole wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Afterwards Gregory and David went to the restaurant, and David gave a computer to Angela
Afterwards Christina and Christopher went to the school, and Christina gave a computer to Katherine
Then Michelle and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Amy
Then in the morning, Michelle and Kimberly were working at the restaurant. Michelle decided to give a kiss to David
Then, Thomas and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Katherine
Then Bradley and Kyle were thinking about going to the store, and Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Andrew
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amanda and Kelly went to the hospital. Amanda gave a bone to Tyler
Then Kevin and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Nicholas
Then, Daniel and Ryan had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Christina
Then Nicholas and Benjamin were working at the house, and Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Kenneth and Paul went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Ashley and Melissa were thinking about going to the store, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to Travis
Afterwards, Tiffany and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a bone to Sara
After the lunch Anthony and Stephanie went to the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Bradley
Then in the morning afterwards, Cody and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Amy
Then Courtney and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Lisa
Then, Matthew and William were working at the hospital. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then James and Andrea had a long argument, and after that James said to Jessica
Afterwards Kevin and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Benjamin gave a computer to Katie
After the lunch Joseph and Charles went to the office, and Joseph gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then, Matthew and Amanda were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Tyler went to the school. Nicholas gave a computer to Paul
Friends separated at birth Christina and Samantha found a bone at the station. Christina gave it to Vanessa
Afterwards, Aaron and Megan went to the garden. Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then, Elizabeth and Bradley were thinking about going to the office. Elizabeth wanted to give a ring to Laura
The local big store Rebecca and Bradley went to had a kiss. Rebecca gave it to Brittany
Then, Matthew and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a ring to Lauren
Then in the morning, Nathan and Bradley went to the garden. Nathan gave a ring to Ashley
After the lunch, Bradley and Vanessa went to the office. Bradley gave a computer to Alicia
Then, Jennifer and Adam were working at the store. Adam decided to give a ring to Robert
After the lunch Patrick and Crystal went to the store, and Patrick gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Adam and Katherine were thinking about going to the hospital. Katherine wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then Erica and Amanda were working at the store, and Amanda decided to give a kiss to Laura
Then, Daniel and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Daniel wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then, Jeffrey and Sara went to the store. Sara gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Kristen and Allison were thinking about going to the garden, and Allison wanted to give a snack to Tiffany
Afterwards, Charles and Bradley went to the station. Charles gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Dustin and Amy were thinking about going to the hospital. Dustin wanted to give a snack to Joseph
After the lunch Amber and John went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Amber and Angela were working at the school, and Angela decided to give a basketball to Brandon
Then Laura and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Alexander
Then Christopher and Bradley went to the school, and Bradley gave a ring to Emily
Then James and Emily had a long argument, and after that James said to Brandon
Then Lisa and Aaron went to the office, and Lisa gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Nicole and Michael went to the store, and Nicole gave a ring to Michelle
After the lunch, Megan and Ashley went to the house. Ashley gave a bone to Sarah
Then in the morning, Sean and John were thinking about going to the store. Sean wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Afterwards, while spending time together Bradley and Kimberly went to the school. Bradley gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Sarah and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Stephanie and Erin went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Then in the morning afterwards, William and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Daniel
Then, Erica and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a ring to Jessica
Then Katie and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the station, and Katie gave a ring to Michelle
Then Nicholas and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Kimberly gave a drink to David
Then, Michelle and Joshua were working at the restaurant. Michelle decided to give a kiss to David
Then, Mary and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Kelly
Afterwards Justin and Lindsey went to the garden, and Lindsey gave a necklace to Nicholas
After the lunch Lauren and Jennifer went to the station, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Lindsey
Then, Christine and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Kenneth
Then, Jason and Daniel were thinking about going to the school. Daniel wanted to give a kiss to Richard
Then, Alicia and Bryan were thinking about going to the station. Alicia wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
Afterwards, Kimberly and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a drink to Lindsey
Then Jason and Jeremy were working at the office, and Jeremy decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Friends separated at birth Amber and Daniel found a ring at the school. Amber gave it to Tyler
Then, Brandon and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Amanda
Then Adam and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Steven and Nicole went to the garden. Steven gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Benjamin and Jamie went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Stephen and John went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Stephanie and Michelle were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a drink to Laura
Then, Daniel and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Brandon and Brittany were thinking about going to the house. Brittany wanted to give a computer to John
Then Christina and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Brittany
Then Michelle and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Charles
Afterwards, Kristen and John went to the hospital. John gave a drink to Mary
Afterwards, Christina and Joseph went to the garden. Joseph gave a snack to Robert
Then, Patrick and Crystal were thinking about going to the office. Crystal wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
While spending time together Angela and Stephen were commuting to the house, Angela gave a computer to Thomas
Then Stephanie and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Laura
Then, Steven and Sean had a long argument and after that Sean said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Alexander and Gregory had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Jeffrey and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Jason
Then Heather and James were working at the office, and James decided to give a bone to Adam
Afterwards, Kenneth and Lauren went to the office. Lauren gave a computer to Lindsey
Then, Patrick and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Shannon
Then Bryan and Jesse were thinking about going to the station, and Jesse wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Jennifer and Jeremy were working at the house. Jeremy decided to give a snack to Brian
Then, Brandon and Bryan were working at the office. Brandon decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then, David and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Amber
Then Christopher and Patrick were working at the house, and Patrick decided to give a drink to Scott
After taking a long break Thomas and Laura went to the garden, Thomas gave a bone to Lisa
Then Robert and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to William
Then in the morning, Andrew and Andrea were thinking about going to the garden. Andrew wanted to give a ring to Adam
Then, Sean and Jonathan were thinking about going to the station. Sean wanted to give a bone to Travis
Then Jesse and Mark were thinking about going to the school, and Jesse wanted to give a snack to Angela
After the lunch, Jamie and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to Lindsey
While spending time together Jason and Melissa were commuting to the office, Jason gave a necklace to Brittany
After the lunch, Ashley and Scott went to the school. Scott gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards Tiffany and Amanda went to the restaurant, and Amanda gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Christina and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Danielle
Then Paul and Jacob were thinking about going to the school, and Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
The local big station Stephanie and Gregory went to had a drink. Stephanie gave it to Tyler
Then Richard and Bradley went to the office, and Richard gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Gregory and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Sean
Then Travis and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Lisa and Christina went to the school. Lisa gave a ring to Patrick
Then Emily and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden, and Jamie wanted to give a kiss to Travis
Then, Samantha and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then, William and Katie were thinking about going to the garden. Katie wanted to give a snack to Adam
The local big restaurant Kelly and Rachel went to had a necklace. Kelly gave it to Emily
Afterwards David and Emily went to the store, and Emily gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Nathan and Amanda had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Bradley
Then, Brandon and Sara had a lot of fun at the store. Brandon gave a drink to Kelly
Then Tiffany and Danielle were working at the restaurant, and Danielle decided to give a bone to Amber
Then Joshua and Sara had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Katie went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a necklace to Erica
Then, Vanessa and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a snack to Thomas
Then Elizabeth and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsey gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Jacob and Kevin had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jacob gave a necklace to Kenneth
Then Patrick and Christina had a lot of fun at the office, and Christina gave a necklace to Courtney
Then Michael and Kristen were thinking about going to the school, and Kristen wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then Laura and Amy were working at the restaurant, and Laura decided to give a basketball to Ashley
Then Benjamin and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Travis
Then, Jonathan and Nathan went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a drink to Laura
Then, Jennifer and Samuel were working at the store. Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
When soon afterwards Erica and Robert got a bone at the restaurant, Erica decided to give the bone to Brandon
Then in the morning, Stephen and Jason had a lot of fun at the store. Stephen gave a drink to Daniel
Then, Samantha and Matthew were working at the store. Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Emily and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Nicholas
After the lunch, Thomas and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a drink to Benjamin
While spending time together Justin and Rebecca were working at the house, Justin gave a computer to Angela
Then, Jesse and Mark were thinking about going to the school. Jesse wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then, Samuel and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Joshua
Then in the morning, Matthew and Jason were thinking about going to the station. Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Afterwards Lindsay and Amber went to the restaurant, and Amber gave a ring to Brian
Then, Crystal and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Afterwards, Megan and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a ring to Cody
Then Joshua and Elizabeth went to the store, and Joshua gave a computer to Kenneth
Then Amber and Heather went to the station, and Amber gave a kiss to Travis
Then, Jacob and Brittany had a lot of fun at the store. Jacob gave a basketball to Dustin
Then Patrick and Scott were working at the hospital, and Patrick decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then, Joshua and Jeremy were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
Then, Stephanie and Anthony had a lot of fun at the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then Joshua and Richard were working at the station, and Richard decided to give a snack to Adam
Then Tyler and William had a long argument, and after that William said to Justin
Afterwards Travis and Erica went to the office, and Erica gave a ring to Bryan
Then, Nicholas and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Kimberly gave a drink to David
After the lunch Sara and Joshua went to the office, and Sara gave a drink to Justin
Then, Travis and Sara went to the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then, Kenneth and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
Then, Anthony and Amanda went to the hospital. Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then in the morning, Timothy and Scott were thinking about going to the store. Timothy wanted to give a bone to Joseph
Then Lindsay and Michelle went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a basketball to Angela
Then, Kelly and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to David
Then, Sara and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Megan
After taking a long break Courtney and Stephen went to the garden, Courtney gave a drink to Heather
After the lunch, Travis and Brian went to the restaurant. Brian gave a computer to Lisa
Then, Brittany and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Jonathan
Afterwards, Justin and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Brian and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Jennifer and Samuel were working at the store, and Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then Sara and Erica had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Benjamin
After the lunch Richard and Bradley went to the restaurant, and Richard gave a ring to Sara
Afterwards Richard and David went to the station, and David gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Bradley and Katherine were working at the store. Katherine decided to give a drink to Stephen
Afterwards Allison and Charles went to the office, and Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then James and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Gregory
Then, Katherine and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Lindsey
Then Timothy and Michelle went to the restaurant, and Michelle gave a bone to Jose
Afterwards Crystal and Charles went to the garden, and Charles gave a drink to Laura
After the lunch, Ashley and Justin went to the house. Justin gave a bone to Lindsay
Then Alexander and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station, and Ashley gave a ring to Brittany
Then, Adam and Erin were thinking about going to the house. Adam wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then, Alexander and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden. Kyle gave a drink to Lisa
Then Amy and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Kristen
After the lunch, Courtney and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a computer to Stephanie
After the lunch, Kenneth and Steven went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards, William and Crystal went to the garden. William gave a snack to Amber
Then Alicia and Steven were working at the station, and Alicia decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then Michelle and Kristen were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a drink to Laura
Afterwards, Courtney and Danielle went to the garden. Danielle gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Thomas and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Christine
Then Samuel and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Gregory
Afterwards Mary and Rachel went to the house, and Rachel gave a ring to Ashley
Then, Amber and Sarah went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Thomas
Then Amanda and Erica went to the school, and Amanda gave a computer to Jason
Then, Richard and Michelle went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Erin and Christina went to the office. Erin gave a necklace to Nicholas
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Katie got a kiss at the school, Lindsey decided to give the kiss to Bryan
Then Joshua and Brittany were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Afterwards, Matthew and Brian went to the station. Matthew gave a kiss to Sara
Then Vanessa and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
Then Brittany and Jessica had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Heather
Then, Elizabeth and William went to the garden. William gave a drink to Sarah
Then, Timothy and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office. Timothy gave a bone to Brian
Then, Brittany and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Jacob gave a basketball to Dustin
Then in the morning, Jessica and Brandon were working at the school. Jessica decided to give a computer to Vanessa
Then Jason and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Tyler
After the lunch Sarah and Nicholas went to the hospital, and Nicholas gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Anthony and Laura went to the garden. Laura gave a bone to Ryan
Then William and Ryan went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a snack to Crystal
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicole and Nathan went to the office. Nicole gave a snack to Amber
Then, Brandon and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a ring to Eric
After the lunch William and Eric went to the garden, and Eric gave a kiss to Jason
Then Jessica and Samuel went to the garden, and Samuel gave a ring to Mark
After the lunch Michael and Paul went to the garden, and Paul gave a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch, Sara and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Jose and Alicia went to the office. Alicia gave a basketball to Steven
Then Elizabeth and William went to the garden, and William gave a drink to Sarah
Then David and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Vanessa
The local big store Bradley and Christina went to had a kiss. Bradley gave it to Nathan
When soon afterwards Christine and Paul got a drink at the restaurant, Christine decided to give the drink to Crystal
Afterwards James and Courtney went to the store, and Courtney gave a kiss to Lindsay
Afterwards Paul and Kenneth went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Joseph and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a ring to Cody
Then Anthony and Bryan were thinking about going to the office, and Bryan wanted to give a drink to Megan
After the lunch Travis and Sara went to the station, and Sara gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Laura and Steven had a lot of fun at the hospital. Laura gave a snack to Alexander
Then, Christine and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Mary
Then Lindsey and Adam had a lot of fun at the school, and Adam gave a basketball to Alexander
Then, Joshua and Elizabeth went to the store. Joshua gave a computer to Kenneth
Then, Matthew and Amy were thinking about going to the station. Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Kyle and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a basketball to Benjamin
After the lunch, Stephen and Andrew went to the store. Stephen gave a necklace to Kelly
Then Vanessa and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Jason
Then in the morning, Megan and Jamie went to the office. Megan gave a computer to Heather
Then Vanessa and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Amber
Then Amy and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Melissa
Then Christine and Steven were working at the store, and Christine decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Then, Lindsay and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to William
Then Jacob and Cody were working at the hospital, and Jacob decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Daniel and Robert had a lot of fun at the garden. Robert gave a snack to Sean
Then, Samantha and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Justin
Then, Jason and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Megan
After the lunch Rachel and Justin went to the hospital, and Justin gave a necklace to Sean
While spending time together Jacob and Brandon were commuting to the house, Jacob gave a computer to Andrew
Then Shannon and Matthew went to the store, and Shannon gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Anthony and Christina went to the school. Anthony gave a snack to Alicia
Then Alicia and Jacob had a long argument, and after that Jacob said to Dustin
Then Matthew and Samantha were working at the store, and Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Jesse and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to John
Then, James and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Jeremy
Then Joshua and Katie were working at the garden, and Katie decided to give a computer to Nicholas
When soon afterwards Lauren and Melissa got a snack at the hospital, Lauren decided to give it to Joshua
Then, Jason and Kristen were thinking about going to the office. Kristen wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then, Rachel and Sean had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Sean gave a kiss to Michael
After the lunch Joshua and Brittany went to the restaurant, and Brittany gave a snack to Paul
Afterwards, Danielle and Tyler went to the hospital. Tyler gave a ring to Michael
After the lunch, Shannon and Patrick went to the station. Patrick gave a computer to Angela
When soon afterwards Melissa and Nicholas got a snack at the garden, Melissa decided to give the snack to Michelle
Then, Shannon and Brian were thinking about going to the store. Brian wanted to give a kiss to Brittany
Then, Tyler and Mark were working at the garden. Mark decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then Danielle and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Benjamin gave a basketball to Ryan
Then Ashley and Nicole were thinking about going to the house, and Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
Then Amber and Stephanie were thinking about going to the school, and Amber wanted to give a bone to David
Then, Erin and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Travis
Then Brittany and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Dustin
The local big restaurant Jeffrey and Elizabeth went to had a bone. Jeffrey gave it to Melissa
Then, Charles and Matthew were thinking about going to the station. Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then, Katie and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
Then Laura and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Emily
Afterwards Richard and Melissa went to the garden, and Melissa gave a necklace to Katie
Then Stephen and Benjamin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Sara and Anthony went to the garden, and Sara gave a necklace to Michael
Then, Jesse and Jamie were working at the garden. Jamie decided to give a bone to Timothy
Then, Jeremy and William had a long argument and after that William said to Katherine
Afterwards, Christina and Christopher went to the school. Christina gave a computer to Katherine
Then Adam and Allison went to the school, and Allison gave a ring to Mark
Afterwards Crystal and Kristen went to the house, and Kristen gave a computer to Danielle
Then Amy and Richard went to the garden, and Richard gave a necklace to Rebecca
After the lunch in the afternoon, Thomas and Joseph went to the garden. Thomas gave a kiss to Crystal
Then, Cody and Joseph had a lot of fun at the garden. Cody gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Jeremy and James had a lot of fun at the office. Jeremy gave a basketball to John
Then Ashley and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Laura
Then, Katie and Tyler went to the restaurant. Katie gave a computer to Angela
Then, Justin and Katherine were working at the hospital. Katherine decided to give a basketball to Samantha
After the lunch, Travis and Brandon went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Eric and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Erica gave a ring to Allison
After the lunch, Richard and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to Emily
Then, Sara and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store. Brandon gave a drink to Kelly
Then Jeremy and Jennifer were working at the house, and Jeremy decided to give a snack to Brian
Then Elizabeth and Gregory had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a basketball to Robert
While spending time together Amy and Matthew were working at the store, Amy gave a bone to Mary
Then, Brittany and Shannon had a lot of fun at the office. Shannon gave a basketball to Lauren
Then, Michelle and Christopher were thinking about going to the store. Christopher wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then Charles and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Afterwards David and Timothy went to the store, and Timothy gave a drink to Emily
After the lunch, Paul and John went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Lindsay and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
The local big store Andrew and Kelly went to had a kiss. Andrew gave it to Jason
Then, Amanda and Joseph were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Heather
Then Amber and Sean were working at the office, and Sean decided to give a kiss to Andrew
Then, Richard and Jeffrey were working at the store. Richard decided to give a ring to David
Afterwards Charles and Allison went to the office, and Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Sara and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Sara wanted to give a kiss to Steven
The local big station Tiffany and Jason went to had a snack. Tiffany gave it to Crystal
Then Tiffany and Ryan were thinking about going to the store, and Ryan wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
While spending time together Justin and Amanda were commuting to the garden, Justin gave a computer to Mary
Then Rebecca and Heather had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Heather gave a ring to Brian
Then Cody and Charles were working at the garden, and Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Afterwards Lauren and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a snack to Michael
Then Katie and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Sara
Then Dustin and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Benjamin
Then, Kyle and Alicia had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Steven
Then, Benjamin and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Eric
After taking a long break Kevin and Joseph went to the office, Kevin gave a bone to Sarah
Then Stephen and Lisa were working at the garden, and Lisa decided to give a kiss to Anthony
After the lunch, Lauren and John went to the store. John gave a snack to Rebecca
Afterwards Robert and Angela went to the office, and Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then in the morning, Bradley and Matthew went to the office. Bradley gave a computer to Cody
Then Jacob and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Sara and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Alexander and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Amber
Then Andrea and Brittany were working at the garden, and Brittany decided to give a kiss to Jose
Then Jesse and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Nicole
Then Steven and Bradley went to the garden, and Bradley gave a ring to Stephanie
After the lunch Allison and Kevin went to the restaurant, and Kevin gave a basketball to Nathan
Then Scott and Richard were working at the school, and Richard decided to give a snack to Jennifer
The local big station Melissa and Lauren went to had a necklace. Melissa gave it to Paul
Then Nicholas and Kevin had a lot of fun at the school, and Kevin gave a necklace to Adam
Then Daniel and Sean were thinking about going to the store, and Sean wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Then, Christopher and Michelle were thinking about going to the store. Christopher wanted to give a basketball to Cody
When soon afterwards Bradley and Sara got a ring at the hospital, Bradley decided to give it to Cody
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Megan got a ring at the restaurant, Vanessa decided to give it to Paul
Then Nicole and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to James
Then Christina and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Dustin
Then Katherine and Jeffrey went to the office, and Katherine gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Lindsey and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
After the lunch Nicholas and Sarah went to the hospital, and Nicholas gave a ring to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Melissa and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Vanessa
Then, Kenneth and Lindsey were working at the restaurant. Kenneth decided to give a ring to Samantha
After the lunch, Ryan and Sean went to the hospital. Sean gave a bone to Christina
Then Mark and Michael were working at the office, and Michael decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then, Tiffany and Ryan were thinking about going to the store. Ryan wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
Afterwards, while spending time together Elizabeth and Steven went to the station. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then Christina and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Andrew and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the hospital. Andrew gave a kiss to Erica
Then Megan and Cody went to the hospital, and Megan gave a bone to Nicole
Then Jeremy and William had a long argument, and after that William said to Katherine
Then Jesse and Jennifer went to the restaurant, and Jennifer gave a necklace to Lindsay
Then Jonathan and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden, and Kevin wanted to give a drink to Anthony
After the lunch Nathan and Katherine went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a bone to Lindsey
Then, Christina and Melissa were thinking about going to the restaurant. Melissa wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephanie and William went to the office. Stephanie gave a computer to Bradley
Then Katie and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
Then Lindsay and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Kyle
After the lunch, Jeremy and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then Crystal and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
While spending time together Gregory and Benjamin were working at the school, Gregory gave a necklace to Jose
Then Melissa and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Samuel
Then Patrick and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Tyler
Then William and Matthew were working at the hospital, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Stephen and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to Dustin
After the lunch Crystal and Patrick went to the store, and Patrick gave a computer to Anthony
Then in the morning, Travis and Amber had a lot of fun at the store. Travis gave a ring to Richard
Then, Sean and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Stephen
Then Emily and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Ryan
Then, Justin and Jose had a long argument and after that Jose said to Sean
Then Laura and Kristen had a long argument, and afterwards Kristen said to Kimberly
Then, Lindsey and William were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then Kenneth and Kelly had a lot of fun at the house, and Kelly gave a snack to Ashley
After the lunch Paul and John went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Richard and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to Aaron
Then Elizabeth and Adam went to the house, and Adam gave a kiss to Jeffrey
Then Rachel and Kevin were thinking about going to the school, and Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Lisa and Allison had a long argument and after that Allison said to Sara
While spending time together Elizabeth and Lisa were working at the store, Elizabeth gave a necklace to Lauren
Then, Robert and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Charles
Then Jennifer and Cody were working at the store, and Cody decided to give a bone to Megan
Then, Jacob and Lisa were working at the restaurant. Lisa decided to give a computer to Bryan
Then, Katie and Steven were thinking about going to the hospital. Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then, Richard and Ryan had a long argument and after that Richard said to Christopher
Then Nathan and Sean had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Stephanie
Then Jamie and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Robert
Then Samuel and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Timothy
After the lunch Cody and Shannon went to the hospital, and Shannon gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards, Tyler and Amber went to the hospital. Amber gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Lisa and Charles had a lot of fun at the station, and Charles gave a computer to William
Then Rachel and Sean had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Sean gave a kiss to Michael
Then Kimberly and Joseph went to the office, and Joseph gave a necklace to Richard
Then Jonathan and Matthew had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Matthew gave a bone to Tyler
Then, Thomas and Sarah were working at the station. Sarah decided to give a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch, Patrick and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then in the morning, David and Adam went to the restaurant. David gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Steven and Eric had a lot of fun at the office. Steven gave a computer to Heather
Then, Lindsay and Gregory had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Lindsey
Afterwards, Stephen and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Kelly and David were thinking about going to the store. Kelly wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Then Bradley and Mary went to the garden, and Bradley gave a snack to Tiffany
After the lunch Megan and Brittany went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Kimberly and Gregory had a lot of fun at the office, and Kimberly gave a bone to Nathan
Then Joseph and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Emily
After the lunch Bradley and Richard went to the restaurant, and Richard gave a ring to Sara
Then Erin and Sean went to the garden, and Sean gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Kristen and John had a long argument and after that John said to Shannon
After the lunch, Kristen and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a necklace to Sara
Afterwards, Kyle and Stephen went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Joseph and Jessica were thinking about going to the garden. Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
Then, Brian and Kristen were working at the garden. Brian decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Then Sara and Travis went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then, Scott and Matthew went to the hospital. Scott gave a kiss to Joseph
Afterwards, Sean and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a computer to Nathan
Then in the morning, Sean and Joseph were thinking about going to the station. Sean wanted to give a ring to Stephen
Then, Scott and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to Elizabeth
Afterwards Benjamin and Kristen went to the store, and Kristen gave a computer to Michael
When soon afterwards Erin and Kimberly got a kiss at the restaurant, Erin decided to give the kiss to Amber
Then Megan and Kristen were thinking about going to the station, and Megan wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then Kelly and Richard were working at the store, and Kelly decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then Rebecca and James had a lot of fun at the garden, and Rebecca gave a necklace to Amy
After the lunch, Kristen and Aaron went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Amber
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jesse and Matthew went to the house. Jesse gave a necklace to Andrea
The local big school Kristen and Jeremy went to had a basketball. Kristen gave it to Anthony
Then Jonathan and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to David
Then in the morning, Brittany and Ashley had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a bone to Bryan
Then, Emily and Brian had a long argument and after that Brian said to Rebecca
Then, Erin and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Erin said to Tiffany
Then, Dustin and Jason had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Jamie
Then Emily and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alexander gave a drink to Sarah
Afterwards Danielle and Paul went to the store, and Paul gave a drink to Rebecca
Then Kimberly and Jacob were thinking about going to the office, and Kimberly wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Afterwards Kristen and Jessica went to the house, and Jessica gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Stephanie and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Angela
Then Lindsey and William were thinking about going to the school, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then, Patrick and Christina had a lot of fun at the office. Christina gave a necklace to Courtney
Afterwards Alicia and Lauren went to the garden, and Alicia gave a drink to Michelle
Afterwards, Allison and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Amy and Laura had a long argument and after that Laura said to Michelle
Then, Ashley and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Katherine
Then, Thomas and Laura were working at the store. Thomas decided to give a drink to Erica
Afterwards Tiffany and Lauren went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a snack to Michael
The local big hospital Mary and Brittany went to had a necklace. Mary gave it to Joseph
Then Alexander and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to James
Then Courtney and Ryan went to the store, and Ryan gave a necklace to Christine
Then Richard and Amber were working at the office, and Richard decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then Shannon and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to David
Then, Elizabeth and John went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a ring to Jeremy
Then, Amanda and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Bradley
Then in the morning, Allison and Christopher had a lot of fun at the hospital. Allison gave a computer to Erica
Then Laura and Nathan were working at the station, and Nathan decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then Lisa and Allison had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Sara
Then Travis and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Afterwards Joshua and Travis went to the house, and Travis gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Brandon and Jacob were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jacob wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then, Megan and Cody went to the hospital. Megan gave a bone to Nicole
After the lunch, Melissa and Adam went to the store. Melissa gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Tyler and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Travis
Then, Heather and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Sarah
Then Stephen and Katherine went to the house, and Katherine gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Michelle and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a basketball to Angela
While spending time together Danielle and Tiffany were working at the garden, Danielle gave a kiss to Rachel
Then, Jacob and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a basketball to David
Then Lauren and Christina had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then Travis and Sara went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Crystal and Jamie were working at the hospital, and Crystal decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Jennifer and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then Jesse and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Jonathan
Afterwards Richard and Gregory went to the garden, and Gregory gave a necklace to Megan
Then, Robert and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Sarah
Then, Katherine and Jesse had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, John and Christina were working at the house. John decided to give a necklace to Samuel
Then Ryan and Christine had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Tyler
Then Thomas and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Katherine
Afterwards Christina and Joseph went to the garden, and Joseph gave a snack to Robert
Afterwards, Lindsey and Kimberly went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to Gregory
Afterwards, while spending time together Joseph and Tiffany went to the hospital. Joseph gave a snack to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Cody and Courtney were working at the house. Cody decided to give a ring to Rebecca
Then Kimberly and Lisa had a lot of fun at the house, and Kimberly gave a ring to Erica
After the lunch Sarah and Andrew went to the store, and Andrew gave a basketball to David
Afterwards Paul and Jacob went to the station, and Jacob gave a basketball to Tyler
Then, Richard and Anthony had a long argument and after that Anthony said to Aaron
Then, Kristen and Brian were working at the garden. Brian decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Then Jamie and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Jeremy
Then Sean and Benjamin were thinking about going to the store, and Sean wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then Laura and Amy had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Michelle
After the lunch Richard and Megan went to the store, and Megan gave a bone to Mary
After the lunch Stephen and Jason went to the school, and Stephen gave a computer to David
Then Lindsay and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Eric
After the lunch, Ryan and Samuel went to the store. Ryan gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Tyler and Travis were thinking about going to the office, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Then, Bryan and David had a lot of fun at the office. Bryan gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Ashley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to Lindsey
After the lunch, Mark and Melissa went to the school. Mark gave a drink to Mary
Then, Adam and Timothy were thinking about going to the station. Timothy wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then, Angela and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Nicole
Then, Kristen and Jason were thinking about going to the office. Kristen wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Friends separated at birth Bryan and William found a bone at the store. Bryan gave it to Tyler
Afterwards Tiffany and Kelly went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards, Samuel and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a bone to Cody
Then Tyler and Lisa were thinking about going to the store, and Lisa wanted to give a ring to Alexander
After the lunch Stephanie and Anthony went to the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Bradley
Then John and Matthew were working at the house, and John decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then Emily and James went to the hospital, and James gave a computer to Sarah
Then, Alexander and Mark had a long argument and after that Mark said to Lauren
Then, Jacob and Paul were thinking about going to the school. Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
Then, Jonathan and Alexander had a long argument and after that Alexander said to James
Then, Nathan and Sean had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Stephanie
When soon afterwards Laura and Mary got a necklace at the restaurant, Laura decided to give the necklace to Adam
Then, Danielle and Tiffany were working at the restaurant. Danielle decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Jacob and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then, Robert and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Amanda
The local big hospital Amanda and Kimberly went to had a computer. Amanda gave it to Amber
Then, Andrea and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Then Brandon and Bryan were working at the office, and Brandon decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Steven and Katie were thinking about going to the hospital. Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then, Michael and Kristen were thinking about going to the school. Kristen wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Lauren and Jason went to the store. Lauren gave a drink to Jessica
Then Vanessa and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Erin
Then Paul and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Daniel
Then Kelly and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the house, and Kelly gave a snack to Ashley
Then Travis and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Sean
Afterwards, Jonathan and Eric went to the office. Jonathan gave a snack to Kyle
Afterwards Brandon and Kimberly went to the store, and Kimberly gave a kiss to Kelly
Afterwards Jason and Aaron went to the garden, and Jason gave a basketball to Stephen
Afterwards, Melissa and Patrick went to the house. Patrick gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Mary and Bradley went to the office. Mary gave a ring to Alexander
Then Rachel and Samantha were working at the house, and Samantha decided to give a necklace to Elizabeth
Then, David and Katherine were working at the garden. Katherine decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Dustin and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Erica
After the lunch Ashley and Justin went to the house, and Justin gave a bone to Lindsay
Then Michelle and Mary had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Mark
Then Dustin and Kevin had a lot of fun at the store, and Kevin gave a drink to Brandon
Then Sean and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store, and Alicia gave a necklace to Stephanie
Then, Aaron and Jason had a long argument and after that Jason said to Sean
After the lunch in the afternoon, Rebecca and Jonathan went to the office. Rebecca gave a kiss to David
Then, Scott and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house. Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then Megan and Kelly were thinking about going to the hospital, and Megan wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Then in the morning, Charles and Samuel were thinking about going to the house. Charles wanted to give a snack to Jose
Then Michelle and Joseph had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michelle gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Crystal and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Friends separated at birth Cody and Kimberly found a necklace at the hospital. Cody gave it to Timothy
Then in the morning, Laura and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Alicia
Then, Jeremy and Richard had a long argument and after that Richard said to Kelly
After the lunch, Stephen and Tyler went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Rachel and Kevin were thinking about going to the school. Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Vanessa and David went to the restaurant, and David gave a ring to Nathan
After the lunch Lauren and Lisa went to the school, and Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then, John and Andrew were working at the office. Andrew decided to give a computer to Dustin
After the lunch, Christine and Robert went to the store. Robert gave a drink to Richard
After the lunch, Rachel and David went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then Robert and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Bradley
Then, Jennifer and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Bradley
Then, Brandon and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to David
Then Charles and Christine had a lot of fun at the garden, and Christine gave a computer to Lindsey
Afterwards Christina and Matthew went to the restaurant, and Christina gave a drink to Michael
Then, Jonathan and Sean were thinking about going to the station. Sean wanted to give a bone to Travis
Then Sean and Jonathan were thinking about going to the station, and Sean wanted to give a bone to Travis
Then, Lindsay and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a computer to Katherine
Then Kimberly and Mark were thinking about going to the office, and Mark wanted to give a basketball to Jonathan
Then, Lindsay and Bryan had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Kyle
Then, Scott and Patrick were working at the hospital. Patrick decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then, Alicia and Lindsay were working at the store. Alicia decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Joshua and Katie were working at the garden. Katie decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Laura and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Emily
Then, James and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a ring to Travis
Then, Sarah and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Sarah said to Kelly
Then Lisa and Tyler were thinking about going to the store, and Lisa wanted to give a ring to Alexander
After the lunch Patrick and Christina went to the school, and Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Christopher and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Samantha
Then, Sarah and Jamie went to the restaurant. Jamie gave a bone to Brian
Then, Brittany and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a computer to Tyler
Afterwards Eric and Matthew went to the hospital, and Eric gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Vanessa and Ashley went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Stephen and Sara were working at the hospital, and Stephen decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then, Justin and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a bone to Jessica
Then Emily and Erica were thinking about going to the store, and Erica wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then, Samantha and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Amanda
Then, Nicole and Matthew were working at the office. Matthew decided to give a computer to Tyler
Then in the morning, Steven and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Steven gave a computer to Heather
When soon afterwards Stephanie and Rachel got a computer at the garden, Stephanie decided to give it to Jeremy
Then Gregory and Katherine were working at the station, and Gregory decided to give a ring to Angela
Then, Amanda and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Erin
Then, Joshua and Scott went to the house. Joshua gave a necklace to Samuel
After the lunch Stephen and Katie went to the garden, and Katie gave a drink to Kelly
Then Christopher and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then, Adam and Kevin had a long argument and after that Kevin said to Alexander
Then Michael and Bryan were thinking about going to the house, and Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then Gregory and Andrea went to the store, and Gregory gave a necklace to Dustin
Then, Christine and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Joseph
Then Ashley and Christina went to the school, and Ashley gave a bone to Allison
Then Cody and Joseph had a lot of fun at the garden, and Cody gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Vanessa and Tyler had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then Gregory and Ryan were working at the restaurant, and Ryan decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then Gregory and Mark were working at the office, and Mark decided to give a ring to Charles
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Brittany were thinking about going to the hospital. Jennifer wanted to give a kiss to Emily
Then, Jamie and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Jose
Then Jacob and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Jacob said to Dustin
After the lunch, Lindsay and Brian went to the school. Lindsay gave a snack to Michael
Then, Andrew and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Laura
Then, Christina and Daniel had a long argument and after that Christina said to Nicole
Then Robert and James went to the hospital, and Robert gave a ring to Travis
Then Adam and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school, and Adam gave a basketball to Alexander
Then Jamie and Crystal were working at the hospital, and Crystal decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Brian and Emily had a long argument and after that Brian said to Rebecca
Then, Stephen and Sara were working at the hospital. Stephen decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then Kelly and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Amber
After the lunch Kimberly and Rebecca went to the school, and Rebecca gave a ring to Katherine
Then, Andrea and Michelle were working at the office. Andrea decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Afterwards, Joshua and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a bone to Shannon
Then Katherine and Dustin were thinking about going to the school, and Katherine wanted to give a drink to Bryan
Afterwards, Joshua and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to Tyler
Then Andrea and Michelle were working at the office, and Andrea decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Angela and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Justin said to Ashley
While spending time together Rachel and John were working at the office, Rachel gave a computer to Lindsey
Then Jesse and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Megan said to Kyle
Then Kevin and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Lindsay
Then Sarah and Allison had a lot of fun at the school, and Sarah gave a drink to Michael
Then, Adam and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school. Adam gave a basketball to Alexander
Afterwards, Jeffrey and Jesse went to the house. Jeffrey gave a necklace to Bradley
After taking a long break Steven and Erica went to the hospital, Steven gave a necklace to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, Kelly and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Sean
Then Dustin and Mark were thinking about going to the station, and Dustin wanted to give a ring to Angela
Afterwards Bradley and Charles went to the station, and Charles gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Ryan and Gregory were working at the restaurant. Ryan decided to give a drink to Alicia
Afterwards Robert and Jeremy went to the station, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Joseph and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Joseph said to Stephen
Then Crystal and Laura were working at the restaurant, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Courtney and Nicholas were working at the office, and Nicholas decided to give a necklace to Sarah
Then, Steven and Alicia were working at the station. Alicia decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Friends separated at birth Cody and Jamie found a bone at the office. Cody gave it to Gregory
Then William and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Allison gave a drink to David
Then Brian and Matthew went to the office, and Matthew gave a kiss to Daniel
While spending time together Gregory and Dustin were working at the house, Gregory gave a ring to Shannon
After the lunch, Joseph and Charles went to the office. Joseph gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then Charles and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to Rachel
After the lunch Travis and Brian went to the school, and Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Afterwards, Travis and Justin went to the office. Travis gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Rachel and David had a long argument, and after that David said to Rebecca
Then Jason and Sara were thinking about going to the station, and Sara wanted to give a bone to Michael
Then Vanessa and Kristen were working at the office, and Kristen decided to give a computer to Stephanie
Friends separated at birth Courtney and Dustin found a computer at the garden. Courtney gave it to Stephanie
Then, Angela and Steven were working at the restaurant. Angela decided to give a ring to Scott
Then, Heather and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Dustin and Christopher went to the station. Christopher gave a snack to Patrick
Then Sean and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Mary
Afterwards, Jason and Aaron went to the garden. Jason gave a basketball to Stephen
Afterwards Sara and Crystal went to the store, and Crystal gave a kiss to Allison
Then Ryan and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Bryan
Then, Michael and James were working at the office. James decided to give a computer to Laura
Then Bradley and William had a lot of fun at the garden, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Travis and James had a long argument and after that James said to Michael
Then Lauren and John went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Alicia and John went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Lisa and Allison had a long argument and after that Allison said to Jesse
Then, Vanessa and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Michelle
Then Tyler and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to Shannon
Then Steven and Gregory were thinking about going to the store, and Gregory wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Brandon and Erin were thinking about going to the store, and Erin wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then, Christopher and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a necklace to Lindsay
Then Steven and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Megan
Then in the morning, Joseph and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house. Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Afterwards, Scott and Lauren went to the garden. Lauren gave a computer to Ryan
Then in the morning afterwards, Rebecca and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Heather
Then Bryan and David had a lot of fun at the office, and Bryan gave a basketball to Sara
After the lunch, Heather and Laura went to the hospital. Laura gave a ring to Kristen
Afterwards Sean and Rebecca went to the house, and Rebecca gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Crystal and Laura were working at the restaurant. Laura decided to give a necklace to Cody
Friends separated at birth Joseph and Justin found a computer at the garden. Joseph gave it to Jonathan
Then, Anthony and James had a long argument and after that James said to Robert
Then, Amber and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Amber said to David
Then William and Bryan had a long argument, and after that William said to Jason
The local big school David and Lindsey went to had a ring. David gave it to Michael
Then Sean and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Stephen
Then John and Eric were thinking about going to the school, and Eric wanted to give a basketball to Mark
Then, Amy and Richard were thinking about going to the restaurant. Richard wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Jesse and Paul were working at the store. Paul decided to give a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Justin went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a necklace to Jose
Then James and Anthony had a long argument, and after that James said to Robert
When soon afterwards Michelle and Bradley got a computer at the office, Michelle decided to give it to Robert
Then, Lauren and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Afterwards, while spending time together Jacob and Benjamin went to the station. Jacob gave a basketball to Kyle
After the lunch, Stephen and Melissa went to the house. Melissa gave a computer to Katherine
Afterwards, Crystal and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a drink to Laura
Then, Paul and Emily went to the restaurant. Paul gave a necklace to Travis
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Andrew were thinking about going to the station. Jeffrey wanted to give a drink to Angela
Then, Angela and Christina went to the garden. Angela gave a computer to Aaron
Then Justin and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Kristen
Then in the morning, Amber and Tyler were working at the store. Amber decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Sara and Lindsay were working at the office, and Sara decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then Erin and Stephanie went to the school, and Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Charles and Kimberly went to the store. Charles gave a basketball to Mark
Then in the morning, Erin and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Erin said to Katherine
Then, Charles and Christine had a lot of fun at the garden. Christine gave a computer to Lindsey
Then Angela and Christina went to the garden, and Angela gave a computer to Aaron
Afterwards, William and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to James
Afterwards Anthony and Emily went to the office, and Anthony gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Daniel and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Daniel wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then, Lindsey and Lisa were thinking about going to the house. Lisa wanted to give a ring to Patrick
Then, Allison and Justin were thinking about going to the house. Allison wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Then, Sean and Erica were thinking about going to the garden. Erica wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Afterwards, Melissa and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
After the lunch Vanessa and Alicia went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Amanda
Then, Allison and Joshua went to the restaurant. Allison gave a computer to John
Then, Jennifer and Christine had a long argument and after that Christine said to Benjamin
Then William and Brian had a long argument, and after that William said to Christine
Then, Samantha and Kimberly had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Jonathan
Then Katie and Erin were thinking about going to the store, and Erin wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Then, Shannon and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Paul and Rachel went to the restaurant, and Rachel gave a necklace to Thomas
Then, Bradley and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Jamie
Then, Lindsay and Sean had a long argument and after that Sean said to Nicole
The local big store Jamie and Michael went to had a snack. Jamie gave it to Katie
Then Lindsey and Benjamin were thinking about going to the school, and Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Then Kenneth and Amy had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Scott
After the lunch, Bryan and Lindsay went to the store. Bryan gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Richard and Kelly were working at the store. Kelly decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then, Katie and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a ring to Michelle
Then Kristen and Brian were working at the garden, and Brian decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Then, Matthew and Patrick went to the station. Matthew gave a drink to Brittany
Then Bradley and Bryan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Bryan gave a bone to William
Then Lindsay and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Lindsey
Then Cody and William had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Christine
Then, Jennifer and Richard were working at the school. Richard decided to give a kiss to Kristen
Then in the morning, Anthony and Mark went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a computer to Paul
Then Danielle and Ashley went to the store, and Ashley gave a necklace to Andrea
Then Megan and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Andrew
Then, Travis and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Nathan and William had a lot of fun at the school. Nathan gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Gregory and Jose were thinking about going to the store. Gregory wanted to give a bone to Jacob
After the lunch, Sarah and Andrew went to the store. Andrew gave a basketball to David
Then Vanessa and Travis went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a kiss to Kelly
After the lunch, Lisa and Lauren went to the school. Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Kenneth and Timothy went to the school, and Kenneth gave a computer to Lauren
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ashley and Paul went to the office. Ashley gave a basketball to Justin
Then in the morning, Adam and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Charles
Then Paul and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Mark
Then Cody and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Tiffany and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to William
Then in the morning, Steven and Rachel were working at the office. Steven decided to give a kiss to Robert
Then Kyle and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Afterwards Shannon and Stephanie went to the school, and Stephanie gave a snack to Joseph
Then Kelly and Joseph went to the station, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Nicole and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station, and Bradley gave a kiss to Christine
Then, Rachel and Alexander were working at the restaurant. Alexander decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then, Gregory and Lindsay went to the station. Gregory gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Alicia and John were working at the school. John decided to give a bone to Jose
Then, Stephanie and Stephen were thinking about going to the school. Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
After the lunch Rebecca and Kimberly went to the school, and Rebecca gave a ring to Katherine
Then Nicole and Matthew were working at the office, and Matthew decided to give a computer to Tyler
After taking a long break Nicole and Courtney went to the station, Nicole gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Gregory and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Sean
Then Melissa and Paul were thinking about going to the school, and Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch Nicholas and Scott went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Brittany and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Brian
Then, David and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a computer to Jason
Then John and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Kyle
Then Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then Sara and Adam went to the station, and Adam gave a kiss to Paul
Then Allison and Dustin went to the garden, and Allison gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Matthew and Patrick were thinking about going to the house. Patrick wanted to give a kiss to Timothy
Then Megan and Katherine were working at the office, and Megan decided to give a ring to Richard
Then Samantha and Nicholas went to the restaurant, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Tyler
Then, Lindsey and Samuel had a lot of fun at the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Tiffany
Then in the morning, John and Benjamin went to the house. John gave a snack to Shannon
Then, Sara and Lisa had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Joseph
When soon afterwards Christopher and Joshua got a kiss at the garden, Christopher decided to give it to Brandon
Then Melissa and Kyle were thinking about going to the school, and Kyle wanted to give a snack to Amy
Then, Robert and Erica had a long argument and after that Erica said to Kenneth
Then, Jessica and Katherine were thinking about going to the office. Katherine wanted to give a kiss to Kyle
Then in the morning, Ryan and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Tyler
Then in the morning afterwards, Kevin and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Christopher
Then, Michelle and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Melissa
Then Crystal and Laura were working at the station, and Crystal decided to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then Christine and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Kenneth
Then, Adam and Tyler had a long argument and after that Adam said to Danielle
After the lunch, Megan and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Lauren and Jason went to the store, and Lauren gave a drink to Jessica
Then Tiffany and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the station, and Kenneth gave a bone to Shannon
Then Kimberly and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school, and Vanessa gave a snack to Thomas
After the lunch Heather and Bradley went to the station, and Bradley gave a computer to Sarah
Then Jennifer and Sean had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Stephen and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Robert
The local big station Cody and Katherine went to had a basketball. Cody gave it to Benjamin
Then, Jessica and Brandon had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Erica
Then Adam and Joshua were working at the store, and Joshua decided to give a snack to Anthony
Then in the morning, Benjamin and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Alexander
After taking a long break Courtney and Melissa went to the house, Courtney gave a drink to Mary
Then, Erin and Robert went to the house. Erin gave a ring to Daniel
Then Brandon and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to David
Then Steven and David were working at the garden, and Steven decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Andrew and Katie were working at the station. Katie decided to give a computer to Mark
Then Cody and Amanda were working at the hospital, and Amanda decided to give a basketball to Paul
Afterwards, Justin and Samuel went to the office. Justin gave a bone to Cody
Then, Kevin and Justin were working at the hospital. Justin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Afterwards Brian and Anthony went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a kiss to Nathan
Then Christina and William went to the school, and William gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then, Lindsey and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Jason and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Tyler
Then, Michelle and Andrea were working at the office. Andrea decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Charles and Matthew were thinking about going to the station, and Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then Vanessa and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a ring to Jesse
Afterwards Katherine and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Cody and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a bone to Nicole
Then, William and Ashley were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then, Sara and Paul were working at the school. Paul decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Timothy and Jeremy went to the store. Timothy gave a basketball to Katherine
Afterwards, while spending time together Alicia and Daniel went to the house. Alicia gave a drink to Samantha
While spending time together Emily and Michelle were working at the garden, Emily gave a basketball to Kyle
Then Benjamin and Laura had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Alexander
Then Paul and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Justin
After the lunch Anthony and Melissa went to the station, and Melissa gave a drink to Vanessa
After the lunch, Sara and Brittany went to the garden. Brittany gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Allison and Justin were thinking about going to the house, and Allison wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Then Stephanie and Scott were thinking about going to the station, and Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then, Shannon and James had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then Rebecca and Joseph went to the school, and Rebecca gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Amy and Dustin had a long argument and after that Amy said to Katie
Then, Jeffrey and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a basketball to Jessica
Then, Alexander and Eric had a long argument and after that Eric said to Jason
Then Courtney and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Mary
Then Christina and Megan were working at the school, and Megan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Afterwards, Bryan and Kenneth went to the house. Bryan gave a drink to Andrew
Afterwards, Amber and Brandon went to the restaurant. Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Afterwards, Emily and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a snack to Robert
After the lunch, Lauren and Nicole went to the restaurant. Nicole gave a ring to Jason
Then, Mark and Amy had a lot of fun at the office. Amy gave a bone to Amber
Then, Samantha and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
Friends separated at birth Samuel and Richard found a ring at the store. Samuel gave it to Jacob
Then, Kevin and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Elizabeth
Then Steven and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Brian
Then, Kelly and Crystal were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Then, Kenneth and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Laura
The local big office Megan and Brittany went to had a ring. Megan gave it to Richard
Then, Robert and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant. Heather wanted to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Travis and Jeremy were thinking about going to the store. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Alicia and Sean were thinking about going to the hospital. Alicia wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then John and Angela had a lot of fun at the station, and Angela gave a snack to Anthony
Then Richard and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then Sarah and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden, and Courtney gave a snack to Timothy
Then, Erica and Sara had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sara gave a drink to Allison
Then Amy and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Lisa
Then, Bradley and Kyle were thinking about going to the store. Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Andrew
Then, Andrea and Gregory went to the store. Gregory gave a necklace to Dustin
Then, Daniel and Jessica were working at the school. Jessica decided to give a bone to Adam
After the lunch, Kevin and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then, Sarah and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden. Courtney gave a snack to Timothy
After the lunch, Amber and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Sara and Jeremy went to the office, and Jeremy gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, John and Eric were thinking about going to the school. Eric wanted to give a basketball to Mark
Then, Christina and Megan went to the office. Megan gave a computer to Heather
Afterwards, Kristen and Crystal went to the house. Kristen gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Nicole and Jesse were working at the house. Nicole decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then, Nicholas and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a necklace to Brandon
Then, Vanessa and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Jason
Then Matthew and Christina were thinking about going to the office, and Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Afterwards Eric and Lindsey went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
After taking a long break Shannon and Erica went to the office, Shannon gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then David and Steven were working at the garden, and Steven decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Erica and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to Bryan
Then Jeremy and Heather were working at the school, and Jeremy decided to give a computer to Sean
Then in the morning, Timothy and Christina went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to Shannon
Afterwards, while spending time together Aaron and Benjamin went to the store. Aaron gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Stephanie and David were thinking about going to the house. Stephanie wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
Then Benjamin and Anthony were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch in the afternoon, Thomas and Sean went to the school. Thomas gave a snack to Eric
Then Erin and Nicholas had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Katherine
Then in the morning, Anthony and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant. Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch Melissa and Stephen went to the house, and Melissa gave a computer to Katherine
Then Samuel and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Andrew gave a computer to Michelle
Then, Crystal and Lisa went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Friends separated at birth Charles and Eric found a kiss at the store. Charles gave it to Jonathan
Then Andrea and Michael went to the school, and Andrea gave a snack to Christina
Then, Nicole and Eric were working at the school. Eric decided to give a computer to Angela
Then Nathan and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Kelly
Then Amber and Erica were working at the store, and Amber decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Ryan and Sarah were thinking about going to the office, and Sarah wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Joseph and Michelle had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michelle gave a necklace to Melissa
Then Angela and Elizabeth went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Christine
Then, Scott and Richard were working at the school. Richard decided to give a snack to Jennifer
Then Allison and Laura were working at the hospital, and Allison decided to give a kiss to John
Then Nicholas and David went to the office, and Nicholas gave a computer to Nathan
Then in the morning, Stephen and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the school. Stephen gave a bone to Richard
After taking a long break Bryan and Robert went to the school, Bryan gave a basketball to Erin
After the lunch Thomas and Bryan went to the school, and Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then Joshua and Jessica were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Afterwards, Tyler and Eric went to the office. Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Allison and Heather had a long argument and after that Allison said to Benjamin
Then Michael and Patrick went to the school, and Patrick gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Allison and Sarah had a lot of fun at the school, and Sarah gave a drink to Michael
Then, Steven and Angela were working at the restaurant. Angela decided to give a ring to Scott
While spending time together Richard and Kenneth were commuting to the garden, Richard gave a computer to Stephanie
Afterwards Nicole and Jonathan went to the house, and Nicole gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Sarah and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Thomas
Then Steven and Aaron went to the station, and Aaron gave a drink to Joshua
Then Richard and William went to the garden, and William gave a computer to Stephen
Then Amy and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Jacob
Then, Jessica and Matthew were working at the office. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Jennifer
Afterwards, Christina and Alicia went to the garden. Alicia gave a ring to Andrew
Then, Kenneth and Amy had a long argument and after that Kenneth said to Scott
After the lunch, Shannon and Amy went to the garden. Amy gave a kiss to Jason
Then Jeremy and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Lauren
Then, Laura and Kristen had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Kimberly
After the lunch Ashley and Dustin went to the school, and Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
After the lunch Mark and Timothy went to the garden, and Mark gave a computer to Courtney
Then, Ryan and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a ring to Eric
After the lunch, Joshua and Amy went to the store. Amy gave a snack to John
After the lunch Christina and Erin went to the office, and Erin gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then, Elizabeth and Lauren were working at the house. Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Richard
Then Emily and Paul went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Rachel and Amanda were thinking about going to the station. Rachel wanted to give a necklace to Jose
Then in the morning, Aaron and Andrea went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Katherine and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Patrick
After the lunch, Jessica and Alexander went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, Kevin and Benjamin went to the hospital. Kevin gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Tiffany and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a drink to Lisa
Then, Jennifer and Aaron went to the office. Aaron gave a necklace to Courtney
Then Allison and Justin had a lot of fun at the school, and Justin gave a ring to Nicholas
Then, Erin and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant. Heather wanted to give a basketball to Ashley
Then, Tiffany and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a computer to Erica
Then Matthew and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a ring to Lauren
After the lunch, Andrew and Stephen went to the store. Stephen gave a necklace to Kelly
After the lunch Christina and Patrick went to the school, and Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Michelle and Rachel had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Samantha
Then, Tyler and Kyle had a lot of fun at the house. Kyle gave a bone to Katie
Afterwards Stephanie and Sarah went to the house, and Sarah gave a necklace to Bryan
Then in the morning, Richard and Jason had a lot of fun at the school. Richard gave a kiss to Nathan
Afterwards Mark and Jason went to the hospital, and Mark gave a kiss to Shannon
Then Bryan and Michael were thinking about going to the house, and Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then, Matthew and Alicia were thinking about going to the school. Alicia wanted to give a snack to Jason
When soon afterwards Brian and Brandon got a computer at the office, Brian decided to give the computer to Katherine
Then Thomas and Andrew were thinking about going to the hospital, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Elizabeth and Laura were working at the garden. Elizabeth decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Then, Kelly and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a basketball to Kyle
After the lunch in the afternoon, Patrick and Samantha went to the office. Patrick gave a kiss to Aaron
Then, Kenneth and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a snack to Katie
Then Jason and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Megan
Then Danielle and Allison went to the hospital, and Allison gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Brittany and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Mary
Then Lauren and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Emily
Then, Samantha and Nicholas went to the restaurant. Nicholas gave a necklace to Christina
When soon afterwards Emily and Bradley got a bone at the house, Emily decided to give the bone to Jennifer
Then Adam and Timothy were thinking about going to the station, and Timothy wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then Amanda and Bryan went to the store, and Amanda gave a basketball to Amy
Then Courtney and Katherine had a lot of fun at the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
While spending time together Paul and Thomas were commuting to the school, Paul gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and Melissa went to the school. Jeffrey gave a bone to James
Then, Allison and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden. Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
After the lunch, Samuel and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a drink to Erin
The local big hospital Crystal and Scott went to had a snack. Crystal gave it to William
Then Kimberly and Ashley were thinking about going to the house, and Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then Aaron and Charles went to the office, and Charles gave a basketball to Scott
Then Jessica and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office, and Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then, Bradley and Erica had a long argument and after that Bradley said to Kelly
Then Lauren and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Nathan gave a bone to Cody
Then, Robert and Michelle were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Christina and Stephen were thinking about going to the office, and Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then, Nicholas and Jose were working at the garden. Jose decided to give a snack to Jessica
After the lunch, Tyler and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Steven and William had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Lindsey
The local big house Katherine and William went to had a basketball. Katherine gave it to Jeremy
Then Brittany and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Mary
Then Nicole and Crystal were thinking about going to the store, and Nicole wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
Then, Stephanie and Scott were thinking about going to the station. Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then, Brian and Kyle were working at the house. Kyle decided to give a ring to David
After the lunch, Courtney and Sarah went to the restaurant. Sarah gave a bone to Robert
Then, Mark and Gregory were working at the office. Mark decided to give a ring to Charles
Then Tiffany and Rachel had a lot of fun at the house, and Rachel gave a basketball to Brian
Afterwards, Christopher and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Anthony and Christina went to the school, and Anthony gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Tyler and Ashley had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Laura
Then Lindsay and Sean had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Nicole
Then in the morning, Dustin and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Jamie
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Bryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Stephanie gave a computer to Erin
Then Jamie and Benjamin went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Sara and Travis had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Christopher
Then Timothy and David were thinking about going to the office, and Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Friends separated at birth Amber and Bradley found a snack at the station. Amber gave it to Courtney
Then Amy and Richard were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Richard wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards, while spending time together Timothy and Aaron went to the store. Timothy gave a necklace to Alexander
Then Samuel and Robert were working at the station, and Samuel decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then, Michelle and Sarah went to the garden. Sarah gave a drink to Joshua
After the lunch, Christina and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a computer to Kelly
After the lunch in the afternoon, Timothy and Jeffrey went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to Tyler
Then in the morning, Jose and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Christine
After the lunch, Kimberly and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a ring to Katherine
Then Amanda and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Travis
Then Erica and Emily were thinking about going to the store, and Erica wanted to give a bone to Tyler
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Alexander got a kiss at the school, Jeffrey decided to give the kiss to Gregory
Then, Joseph and Amber were thinking about going to the house. Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Then, Nicholas and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a drink to Christina
Then Jeremy and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then Dustin and Katherine were thinking about going to the school, and Katherine wanted to give a drink to Bryan
Then Sara and Michael had a lot of fun at the office, and Michael gave a ring to Jamie
The local big store Lisa and Laura went to had a snack. Lisa gave it to Scott
Afterwards, Katie and Kevin went to the hospital. Katie gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Courtney and Tiffany went to the school. Courtney gave a computer to Erica
Then Stephen and David had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Amber
Then Brian and Brandon had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brandon gave a computer to Melissa
After the lunch, Richard and Jose went to the house. Richard gave a necklace to Patrick
Then Kelly and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Danielle
Then Elizabeth and Joshua went to the store, and Joshua gave a computer to Kenneth
Afterwards, Danielle and Courtney went to the garden. Danielle gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Matthew and Anthony were working at the restaurant, and Anthony decided to give a ring to Timothy
Then, Michelle and Erica were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then Crystal and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Alexander
Then, Jesse and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a kiss to Allison
Then, Jesse and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a bone to Stephanie
Then Crystal and Katie had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Lisa
Afterwards Ashley and Bradley went to the hospital, and Ashley gave a necklace to Jason
Then Bradley and Kristen went to the house, and Kristen gave a bone to Rachel
Then, Erin and Katie were thinking about going to the store. Erin wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Afterwards Joshua and Christopher went to the house, and Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Afterwards Andrew and Brittany went to the restaurant, and Brittany gave a computer to Kevin
Then, Joseph and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Joseph said to Stephen
After taking a long break Bryan and Eric went to the school, Bryan gave a snack to Michael
Afterwards, Thomas and Amy went to the hospital. Thomas gave a basketball to Christopher
Afterwards, Stephanie and Sarah went to the house. Sarah gave a necklace to Bryan
Then, Katherine and Gregory were working at the station. Gregory decided to give a ring to Angela
Then Joshua and Jeremy were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
After the lunch Kevin and Katie went to the garden, and Katie gave a kiss to Dustin
Then Bradley and Nicole went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Michael and Bryan were thinking about going to the house. Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then Anthony and Amanda went to the hospital, and Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then, Michael and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Kristen
Then, Thomas and Jamie had a lot of fun at the store. Jamie gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then Jason and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Daniel
Then Cody and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then Bradley and Katherine were working at the store, and Katherine decided to give a drink to Stephen
Then, Kelly and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Jeffrey
Then Rachel and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Ashley
After the lunch Christina and Jennifer went to the restaurant, and Jennifer gave a ring to Crystal
Then, Michelle and Adam were thinking about going to the store. Adam wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then, Sarah and Dustin had a long argument and after that Sarah said to Kimberly
Then Ryan and Elizabeth went to the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a snack to Jason
Then, Amy and Angela were working at the station. Angela decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then Erica and Eric had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Erica gave a ring to Allison
Then William and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then, Samuel and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden. Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then, Mary and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Kenneth
Then, Melissa and Kristen had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Kenneth
When soon afterwards Robert and Brittany got a computer at the house, Robert decided to give it to Nathan
Then Amy and Lisa were thinking about going to the school, and Lisa wanted to give a computer to Bradley
Afterwards, William and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a necklace to Brian
Then Patrick and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Lisa
Then, Ryan and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store. Brandon gave a snack to Bradley
Then Rebecca and Gregory were working at the school, and Rebecca decided to give a necklace to Thomas
Then Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Jacob
Then, Sara and Sarah went to the hospital. Sarah gave a ring to Brittany
The local big restaurant Kelly and Tiffany went to had a kiss. Kelly gave it to Erica
After the lunch, Thomas and Andrea went to the store. Andrea gave a bone to Jeremy
Afterwards Mary and Allison went to the hospital, and Allison gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Christine and Joshua went to the store, and Joshua gave a drink to Mary
Then Jamie and Andrew went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, Jose and Nicole had a lot of fun at the store. Jose gave a necklace to Courtney
Then, Emily and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden. Jamie wanted to give a kiss to Travis
Then Jacob and Brittany had a lot of fun at the store, and Jacob gave a basketball to Dustin
After the lunch Lisa and Lauren went to the school, and Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Jacob and Samantha were working at the school. Samantha decided to give a ring to David
Afterwards, Brittany and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Brittany and Charles were working at the restaurant. Brittany decided to give a computer to Danielle
After the lunch Nathan and Shannon went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then, Erin and Jessica were thinking about going to the restaurant. Erin wanted to give a computer to David
Then Scott and Eric had a lot of fun at the house, and Eric gave a ring to Gregory
Then John and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and John gave a basketball to Stephen
Then Christina and Melissa were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Then Bradley and Christine were working at the hospital, and Christine decided to give a basketball to Courtney
Then in the morning, Sarah and Sara went to the garden. Sarah gave a drink to Joshua
After the lunch, Erin and Nicole went to the house. Erin gave a bone to Jennifer
After the lunch Ashley and Jamie went to the house, and Ashley gave a snack to Patrick
Afterwards Ashley and Timothy went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Sean and Andrew went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Jesse and David went to the house, and David gave a drink to Daniel
Then, Jeremy and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Sara
Then in the morning, Bradley and Kristen went to the office. Bradley gave a ring to Michelle
When soon afterwards Gregory and Andrea got a necklace at the restaurant, Gregory decided to give the necklace to David
Then Lauren and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
While spending time together Kenneth and Kristen were commuting to the garden, Kenneth gave a snack to Tiffany
After the lunch Jacob and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards Jason and Andrea went to the restaurant, and Jason gave a necklace to Anthony
Then, Joshua and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school. Tiffany gave a basketball to Courtney
Then Lindsay and Sara were working at the office, and Sara decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Jamie and Courtney had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Mary
Then, Jacob and Cody were working at the hospital. Jacob decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Matthew and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a kiss to Joseph
After the lunch, Stephen and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a bone to William
Then, Stephen and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Courtney
Then Patrick and Nicole had a lot of fun at the store, and Patrick gave a snack to Vanessa
Then, Sean and Steven had a long argument and after that Sean said to Benjamin
After the lunch Kelly and Lauren went to the restaurant, and Lauren gave a necklace to Aaron
Then, Andrea and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Then Erica and Michelle were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then, Emily and David had a lot of fun at the school. David gave a necklace to Nicholas
While spending time together Cody and James were commuting to the school, Cody gave a ring to Travis
Then, Rebecca and Mary had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Patrick
Afterwards, Christina and Matthew went to the restaurant. Christina gave a drink to Michael
After the lunch in the afternoon, Mary and Brandon went to the house. Mary gave a ring to Angela
Then, Erin and Samantha went to the house. Erin gave a snack to James
Then, Michael and Tiffany went to the school. Michael gave a drink to Lisa
Then Jonathan and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Steven
Then, Jesse and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Megan said to Kyle
Then, Kelly and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Danielle
Then, Jason and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Ryan
Then, Lisa and Jacob were working at the restaurant. Lisa decided to give a computer to Bryan
While spending time together Angela and Crystal were working at the garden, Angela gave a basketball to Travis
Afterwards Stephen and Gregory went to the school, and Stephen gave a bone to Richard
Then, Bryan and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Kyle
After the lunch, Patrick and Christina went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Nathan and Andrew had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Nathan gave a basketball to Ryan
Then in the morning, Jacob and Danielle were thinking about going to the hospital. Jacob wanted to give a ring to Bradley
Then, Brandon and Jonathan were working at the station. Jonathan decided to give a basketball to Robert
Then Amanda and Mark were working at the station, and Mark decided to give a bone to Nathan
Then, Samantha and Kelly had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Bryan
Friends separated at birth Robert and Angela found a ring at the house. Robert gave it to Jonathan
Then Eric and Matthew went to the garden, and Matthew gave a computer to Erica
Then, Courtney and Samantha went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a bone to Gregory
Then Rachel and Alexander were working at the restaurant, and Alexander decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards, Courtney and James went to the store. Courtney gave a kiss to Lindsay
Then Lauren and Bryan were thinking about going to the office, and Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Katie
Afterwards Tiffany and Melissa went to the house, and Melissa gave a kiss to Mark
Then, Erica and Jonathan were thinking about going to the house. Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Paul
Afterwards Benjamin and Kevin went to the hospital, and Benjamin gave a computer to Katie
Then Emily and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Brandon
Then, Jamie and Steven had a long argument and after that Steven said to Paul
Then James and Emily went to the hospital, and James gave a computer to Sarah
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house. Jeffrey gave a computer to Christine
Then in the morning, Steven and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Katie
Then, Amanda and Gregory were thinking about going to the house. Gregory wanted to give a computer to Amber
Then, William and Andrea were working at the store. Andrea decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Alicia and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Sean
Then Nicholas and Sarah were thinking about going to the station, and Sarah wanted to give a necklace to Alicia
Then, Joseph and Kimberly went to the office. Joseph gave a necklace to Richard
Then Jason and Gregory were thinking about going to the office, and Jason wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then, Brittany and Alicia had a lot of fun at the school. Alicia gave a drink to Stephen
The local big house Sara and Travis went to had a basketball. Sara gave it to Samantha
Then, Amanda and Andrea had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Jason
Then, Adam and Nathan were working at the garden. Adam decided to give a ring to Samantha
Afterwards, Nicole and Jonathan went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards Joshua and Rachel went to the house, and Rachel gave a bone to Lisa
Then Rebecca and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Samuel gave a snack to Timothy
After the lunch Alexander and Gregory went to the station, and Gregory gave a bone to Steven
While spending time together Cody and Nathan were working at the office, Cody gave a computer to Rebecca
While spending time together Lindsay and Katherine were working at the store, Lindsay gave a basketball to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Lauren and David went to the store. Lauren gave a snack to Kristen
Then Samantha and Matthew were working at the store, and Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Kimberly and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Justin
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth were working at the house. Jonathan decided to give a ring to Justin
Then, Nicole and Jose had a lot of fun at the store. Jose gave a necklace to Courtney
Then, William and Bradley had a lot of fun at the garden. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Lisa and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house, and Kimberly gave a ring to Erica
Then Brian and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then Dustin and Richard went to the restaurant, and Richard gave a drink to Aaron
Then in the morning, Jonathan and James had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Michelle
Then, Kevin and Heather went to the house. Kevin gave a necklace to Jeremy
Then Nathan and Jonathan went to the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Eric and Kyle had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Brittany
Then Crystal and Scott had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Courtney
Then, Steven and Travis had a long argument and after that Travis said to Vanessa
Then, Sarah and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Brandon and James were working at the office, and James decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Jonathan and Mary had a long argument and after that Mary said to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Christopher and Timothy were working at the office. Christopher decided to give a necklace to Melissa
Then, Jesse and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Christina
Afterwards, Kelly and David went to the hospital. David gave a drink to Sara
Then, Nicole and Bradley went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Christine and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Courtney
After the lunch in the afternoon, Sean and Samuel went to the school. Sean gave a computer to Michael
After the lunch Erica and Matthew went to the store, and Matthew gave a computer to Christine
Afterwards, Sara and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a kiss to Allison
Then, Kevin and Jacob had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jacob gave a necklace to Kenneth
Then, Amy and Matthew were thinking about going to the station. Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
While spending time together Michael and Richard were commuting to the school, Michael gave a basketball to Gregory
Then Jesse and Megan had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Andrew
Then, Scott and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a necklace to Samuel
Then Anthony and Christine had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to John
Then, Michelle and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Brian and Mark had a lot of fun at the station. Mark gave a necklace to Michelle
Afterwards, Ashley and Timothy went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Michelle and Lindsey went to the office. Michelle gave a drink to Ryan
Afterwards, Aaron and Samuel went to the garden. Aaron gave a necklace to Danielle
Then Christopher and Justin had a lot of fun at the garden, and Justin gave a bone to Andrew
Then, Amanda and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Sarah
Then James and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then in the morning afterwards, Angela and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Ryan
Afterwards, while spending time together Vanessa and Gregory went to the school. Vanessa gave a drink to Christine
Afterwards, David and Gregory went to the restaurant. David gave a computer to Angela
Afterwards Steven and Charles went to the office, and Steven gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Jason and Stephanie were working at the hospital, and Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then Jessica and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to John
After the lunch Amy and Adam went to the garden, and Adam gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Cody and Jennifer were working at the store. Cody decided to give a bone to Megan
Then in the morning, Brian and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant. Brian wanted to give a drink to Megan
Then Stephanie and Matthew had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Travis
Afterwards, Steven and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards, Lindsay and Joshua went to the hospital. Joshua gave a necklace to Samantha
Then Jonathan and Erin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Erin gave a computer to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Richard and David went to the station. David gave a necklace to Charles
Then Crystal and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Kelly wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Then in the morning afterwards, Timothy and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Lindsey
After taking a long break Jessica and Eric went to the house, Jessica gave a necklace to Nicole
Then, Erin and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Erin said to Aaron
Then Alicia and Brian went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
After the lunch Sean and Megan went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Benjamin got a drink at the office, Lindsay decided to give it to Kimberly
Then, Courtney and Ryan went to the store. Ryan gave a necklace to Christine
Then Rachel and Paul went to the store, and Paul gave a snack to Brittany
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicole and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Melissa
Then, Sara and Mary had a lot of fun at the house. Mary gave a drink to Alicia
Then, David and Kevin went to the hospital. Kevin gave a bone to Kimberly
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Jeremy got a drink at the hospital, Lindsey decided to give it to Joseph
Then Sarah and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Sarah said to Kelly
Then, Justin and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a computer to Katherine
Then Jennifer and Christine had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Benjamin
Afterwards Cody and Nicholas went to the house, and Cody gave a computer to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Sean went to the house. Ryan gave a kiss to Christopher
Then Steven and Justin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Justin gave a computer to Vanessa
When soon afterwards Bryan and Allison got a bone at the restaurant, Bryan decided to give it to Katie
Afterwards Christopher and Jamie went to the restaurant, and Jamie gave a necklace to Vanessa
Then, Sean and Laura had a long argument and after that Laura said to Alicia
Then, Mark and Dustin were thinking about going to the station. Dustin wanted to give a ring to Angela
Afterwards Lindsey and Sean went to the office, and Sean gave a snack to Anthony
After the lunch, Michael and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a drink to Sara
Then, Michelle and Kristen were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a drink to Laura
Then, Michael and Lauren were thinking about going to the restaurant. Michael wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
Then, Samantha and Jamie had a lot of fun at the house. Samantha gave a bone to John
Then, Jose and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Charles
Then, Katherine and Megan were working at the office. Megan decided to give a ring to Richard
After the lunch Amanda and Joseph went to the store, and Joseph gave a ring to Nathan
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Samuel got a snack at the hospital, Jennifer decided to give the snack to Jonathan
Then, Vanessa and David had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
Then, Jesse and David went to the house. David gave a drink to Daniel
Then, Brittany and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Travis
Then Sara and Jeffrey went to the store, and Sara gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Brittany and Shannon had a lot of fun at the office, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lauren
Then Amy and Angela were working at the station, and Angela decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then Katherine and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Mary
Then, David and Vanessa went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Jessica and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office. Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then William and Justin were working at the school, and Justin decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then Aaron and Courtney went to the office, and Courtney gave a ring to Erin
Then, David and Bryan had a lot of fun at the office. Bryan gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Aaron and Katherine were working at the restaurant. Katherine decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then, Rebecca and Kenneth were thinking about going to the store. Kenneth wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Scott and Shannon went to the hospital. Scott gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Brian and Christina had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Kenneth
Then Jeffrey and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a drink to Ashley
Then, Tiffany and Jason had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tiffany gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then, Allison and Sarah had a lot of fun at the school. Sarah gave a drink to Michael
Then Jose and Shannon had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Shannon gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then, Christina and Megan were working at the school. Megan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Afterwards Laura and William went to the hospital, and Laura gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Lisa and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Lisa said to Laura
Then, Kimberly and Richard had a lot of fun at the office. Richard gave a bone to Tyler
Then, Katie and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Sara
Then, Kelly and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Jeffrey
After the lunch Michelle and Mary went to the garden, and Mary gave a bone to Bryan
Then Eric and Michelle went to the hospital, and Eric gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Amber and Steven had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Shannon
Then Matthew and William were working at the hospital, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then, David and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
Then Kimberly and James were working at the garden, and Kimberly decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Kevin and Jeffrey were working at the school. Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Lindsey and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Shannon
Then, Jesse and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Jonathan
Then Nicole and Justin had a long argument, and after that Justin said to Daniel
Then Matthew and Scott went to the hospital, and Scott gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Ryan and Jamie went to the school, and Jamie gave a ring to Eric
Afterwards, Katherine and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Samantha and Christina had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Brittany
Then Sara and Robert went to the store, and Robert gave a computer to Lindsay
Then Alexander and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Kristen
Then Nicholas and Jamie went to the store, and Jamie gave a drink to Christina
Afterwards, Charles and Allison went to the office. Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, James and Emily went to the hospital. James gave a computer to Sarah
Then Tiffany and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Kristen and Melissa had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Kenneth
Then Lindsay and Alicia were working at the store, and Alicia decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Stephen and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Joseph
Then Steven and Sean had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Benjamin
Then Ryan and Erica had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Danielle
Then in the morning, Daniel and Jamie had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Daniel gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Melissa and Ashley were thinking about going to the store, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to Travis
Afterwards, while spending time together Dustin and Travis went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a computer to Justin
Then Katie and Joshua were working at the garden, and Katie decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Amber and Sean were working at the office. Sean decided to give a kiss to Andrew
Then, Samantha and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
While spending time together Rachel and Lauren were commuting to the school, Rachel gave a necklace to Justin
When soon afterwards Bradley and Justin got a necklace at the store, Bradley decided to give it to Melissa
Then Joshua and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to Katie
Then Daniel and Richard had a lot of fun at the school, and Richard gave a kiss to Samuel
Then, Erica and Michelle were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then Stephanie and Anthony had a lot of fun at the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
After taking a long break Lindsey and Sarah went to the office, Lindsey gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Eric and Joshua were working at the hospital. Eric decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then in the morning, Tyler and Stephen went to the station. Tyler gave a drink to Nathan
Afterwards John and Lindsay went to the station, and Lindsay gave a basketball to Danielle
Then in the morning, Aaron and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Ashley
Then, Charles and Lisa had a lot of fun at the station. Charles gave a computer to William
Then, Katie and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Nicole
Then Jonathan and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to David
Then Nathan and William had a lot of fun at the school, and Nathan gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch Andrea and Samuel went to the hospital, and Andrea gave a drink to Erin
While spending time together Adam and Steven were working at the garden, Adam gave a computer to Jacob
Then in the morning, Amanda and Sara were working at the school. Amanda decided to give a snack to Stephanie
Then Cody and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Tiffany
Afterwards, Mary and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a snack to Stephanie
Afterwards Justin and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Brandon and Kelly had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Jose
Then Adam and Jennifer were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a ring to Robert
Then, Brittany and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Dustin
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a ring to Alicia
Afterwards John and Brittany went to the station, and John gave a ring to Angela
After the lunch Amber and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Matthew and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsey and Megan went to the station. Lindsey gave a basketball to Patrick
Then Kristen and Jennifer were working at the store, and Kristen decided to give a snack to Lisa
Then, Heather and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a basketball to Jonathan
After the lunch Dustin and Stephanie went to the restaurant, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Richard
Then Melissa and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Kevin
Then, Amy and Christine had a long argument and after that Christine said to Samantha
Afterwards, Anthony and Emily went to the office. Anthony gave a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards, Tiffany and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a drink to Jacob
Then Jason and Katie were thinking about going to the school, and Katie wanted to give a ring to Rebecca
Then Bradley and Richard went to the office, and Richard gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Samantha and Erin went to the house. Erin gave a snack to James
Then, Joshua and Michelle were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a computer to Emily
After the lunch, Rachel and Katie went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Nicholas
Then, Shannon and Matthew went to the store. Shannon gave a ring to Lauren
Afterwards Samantha and David went to the station, and David gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Christina and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Nicole
While spending time together Robert and Stephanie were working at the store, Robert gave a bone to Nicole
Then Timothy and Jeremy went to the station, and Timothy gave a snack to Adam
Then, Nicole and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to James
Afterwards, David and Emily went to the store. Emily gave a bone to Gregory
After the lunch, Timothy and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a computer to Courtney
Then, Michelle and Lauren had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Charles
Afterwards, Scott and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a drink to Rebecca
While spending time together Angela and Kristen were commuting to the office, Angela gave a kiss to Eric
Then Daniel and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Daniel said to Dustin
Then Thomas and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Ryan gave a bone to Erica
Then in the morning, Adam and Andrew had a lot of fun at the station. Adam gave a snack to Jennifer
Then in the morning afterwards, Sara and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Katherine
Then, Jonathan and Danielle went to the station. Danielle gave a snack to Stephanie
Then, Heather and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a kiss to Travis
Then, Justin and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Afterwards Stephanie and Robert went to the house, and Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Afterwards Brittany and John went to the station, and John gave a ring to Angela
Then, Bradley and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Afterwards Cody and Anthony went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then Sean and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Stephanie
After the lunch in the afternoon, Scott and Shannon went to the garden. Scott gave a necklace to Lisa
Then, Nathan and Lauren had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Nathan gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Joshua and John went to the hospital, and Joshua gave a basketball to Bryan
Then William and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Christine
After the lunch Christine and Heather went to the hospital, and Heather gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Robert and Angela had a long argument and after that Angela said to Brittany
Then Richard and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Joshua
While spending time together Sarah and Gregory were working at the store, Sarah gave a drink to Richard
While spending time together Andrea and Justin were commuting to the hospital, Andrea gave a bone to Jose
Then Ashley and Bryan were working at the office, and Bryan decided to give a snack to Jacob
Then Jacob and Christine went to the restaurant, and Christine gave a basketball to David
After taking a long break Jessica and Alexander went to the store, Jessica gave a basketball to Rebecca
Then Ryan and Stephen had a lot of fun at the station, and Stephen gave a necklace to Lisa
After the lunch Vanessa and Bradley went to the office, and Bradley gave a computer to Alicia
Then Kelly and Andrea were thinking about going to the store, and Kelly wanted to give a bone to Samuel
After the lunch Katherine and Angela went to the school, and Katherine gave a snack to David
Then Heather and Jacob went to the restaurant, and Jacob gave a snack to Mary
The local big hospital Alicia and Crystal went to had a bone. Alicia gave it to Benjamin
Then Erin and Katie were thinking about going to the store, and Erin wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Then, Patrick and Michael were working at the store. Patrick decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Stephen and Ryan had a lot of fun at the station, and Stephen gave a necklace to Lisa
Then, Christine and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to John
Then, Laura and Crystal were working at the restaurant. Laura decided to give a necklace to Cody
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Lisa went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then, Amanda and Steven had a long argument and after that Steven said to Shannon
Afterwards, Anthony and Amanda went to the school. Anthony gave a computer to Brian
Then Alexander and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Jacob
Then, Brian and Justin had a long argument and after that Justin said to Kenneth
Then, Elizabeth and Erica were working at the restaurant. Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Christina
Then, Sara and Tiffany were working at the restaurant. Tiffany decided to give a ring to Christopher
Then in the morning, Shannon and Sean were working at the school. Shannon decided to give a kiss to Andrea
Afterwards Charles and Steven went to the office, and Steven gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, James and Kimberly were working at the garden. Kimberly decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Stephanie and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a drink to Courtney
Afterwards, while spending time together Charles and Jessica went to the house. Charles gave a necklace to Patrick
Afterwards, Laura and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a snack to Jason
After the lunch, Alicia and Shannon went to the office. Shannon gave a ring to James
Then Alicia and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Samantha
Then Jesse and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jeffrey wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then, Kyle and Crystal had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Timothy
After taking a long break Paul and Gregory went to the office, Paul gave a kiss to Kenneth
Then Amanda and Gregory were thinking about going to the house, and Gregory wanted to give a computer to Amber
Then Jeffrey and Kevin were working at the school, and Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Erin and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Tiffany
Then Nicole and Jose had a lot of fun at the store, and Jose gave a necklace to Courtney
While spending time together Christopher and Andrew were commuting to the house, Christopher gave a drink to Rebecca
Then Nicole and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Kenneth
Then Kyle and Melissa were thinking about going to the school, and Kyle wanted to give a snack to Amy
Then Scott and Brian had a lot of fun at the house, and Brian gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Kelly and Samantha had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Bryan
Then, Kevin and Scott had a lot of fun at the store. Scott gave a bone to William
After the lunch Angela and Erin went to the school, and Erin gave a necklace to Christopher
Afterwards Paul and Brandon went to the restaurant, and Brandon gave a computer to Laura
Then Thomas and Christine had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Christine gave a necklace to Jamie
Then, Christina and James went to the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
Then, Erica and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Samantha
Then, Brandon and Erica had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Angela
Then Kristen and Bradley went to the house, and Kristen gave a bone to Rachel
Then Mark and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Jessica
Then Travis and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Alexander
Then, Mary and Shannon went to the hospital. Mary gave a necklace to Bryan
Then, Laura and Elizabeth were working at the garden. Elizabeth decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Then, Gregory and Charles had a long argument and after that Charles said to Jose
After the lunch Ryan and Rebecca went to the garden, and Rebecca gave a drink to Michelle
Afterwards Courtney and Tiffany went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Then Daniel and Christina had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Nicole
Afterwards, Dustin and Nicholas went to the house. Dustin gave a snack to Sean
Then, Joshua and Ryan were thinking about going to the garden. Joshua wanted to give a snack to Nathan
Then in the morning, Jamie and Eric went to the station. Jamie gave a ring to Lindsay
Then Michelle and Erica were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then, Rachel and Lisa were working at the store. Rachel decided to give a computer to David
Then Amanda and Cody were working at the hospital, and Amanda decided to give a basketball to Paul
Afterwards Samantha and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a bone to Brandon
After the lunch, Sara and Joshua went to the office. Sara gave a drink to Justin
Then Thomas and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Kevin
Then, Sara and Lindsay had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to James
Then in the morning, Jason and Benjamin were thinking about going to the garden. Jason wanted to give a computer to Katie
Then, Daniel and Tiffany were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephanie were working at the school. Kristen decided to give a kiss to Christina
Then Robert and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Dustin
Then in the morning, Charles and Robert went to the store. Charles gave a necklace to Brandon
Then, Adam and John were working at the store. Adam decided to give a bone to Angela
Then, Paul and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Paul said to Brian
Then, James and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the office. Jeremy gave a basketball to John
Afterwards, while spending time together Christine and Matthew went to the restaurant. Christine gave a bone to Brandon
After the lunch, Melissa and Stephen went to the house. Melissa gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning, Tyler and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Laura
Then Nicole and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Danielle
After taking a long break Danielle and Brian went to the restaurant, Danielle gave a ring to Bryan
While spending time together Alicia and Crystal were working at the hospital, Alicia gave a snack to Bradley
Then Joshua and Adam had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Lindsey
Then Aaron and Brandon went to the store, and Aaron gave a ring to Eric
Then, Jennifer and Cody were working at the store. Cody decided to give a bone to Megan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Tyler and Charles went to the school. Tyler gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Lindsay and Courtney were thinking about going to the hospital, and Courtney wanted to give a necklace to Heather
While spending time together Mark and Katherine were working at the garden, Mark gave a computer to Kenneth
Afterwards, while spending time together Laura and Tyler went to the garden. Laura gave a ring to Elizabeth
After the lunch Steven and Elizabeth went to the station, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Kevin
Then Allison and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Angela
Then, Jesse and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
While spending time together Joshua and Bryan were commuting to the hospital, Joshua gave a bone to Heather
Then, Jennifer and Nathan had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Lindsay
After the lunch Stephanie and Allison went to the station, and Allison gave a drink to Crystal
Then Ashley and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Stephen
Afterwards, Kevin and Kimberly went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a drink to Lindsey
Then, Kelly and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Jose
Then Amber and Nicole were thinking about going to the store, and Nicole wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Then Lindsay and Steven had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Scott
The local big station Allison and Kevin went to had a necklace. Allison gave it to Joseph
After the lunch Lauren and Kelly went to the restaurant, and Lauren gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Joshua and Aaron were working at the house, and Aaron decided to give a bone to Emily
Then Jacob and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then, Kristen and Michelle were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a drink to Laura
After the lunch Bryan and Lindsay went to the store, and Bryan gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Ryan and Timothy were working at the house. Timothy decided to give a necklace to Cody
Afterwards, Lindsay and Timothy went to the school. Timothy gave a drink to Matthew
After the lunch, Emily and Andrea went to the school. Emily gave a computer to Nicholas
Then Andrew and Rachel were thinking about going to the store, and Rachel wanted to give a drink to Charles
After the lunch, Richard and Megan went to the store. Megan gave a bone to Mary
Then Angela and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Charles
Then, Bryan and William had a long argument and after that William said to Jason
Then, Amanda and Justin were thinking about going to the store. Justin wanted to give a computer to Melissa
Then in the morning, Gregory and Katherine were thinking about going to the store. Gregory wanted to give a basketball to Amanda
Then Vanessa and Danielle were thinking about going to the store, and Vanessa wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then, Steven and David were working at the garden. Steven decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Eric and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Lisa said to Laura
After the lunch Jacob and Eric went to the house, and Jacob gave a drink to Thomas
Then James and Michael were working at the office, and James decided to give a computer to Laura
Then Andrea and Brian had a lot of fun at the office, and Andrea gave a ring to Amanda
After the lunch, Lauren and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a basketball to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Michael and John went to the school. Michael gave a drink to Lisa
Then Ryan and Gregory were working at the restaurant, and Ryan decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then Sara and Mary had a lot of fun at the house, and Mary gave a drink to Alicia
Then, Allison and Brandon had a lot of fun at the hospital. Allison gave a computer to Erica
Afterwards Kimberly and Charles went to the store, and Charles gave a basketball to Mark
Then, Nicole and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station. Bradley gave a kiss to Christine
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Stephen and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Nicole
Then, Tiffany and Christina were working at the station. Christina decided to give a drink to Bradley
Then Rebecca and Joseph were thinking about going to the hospital, and Joseph wanted to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then Laura and Katherine had a lot of fun at the house, and Laura gave a drink to Kevin
Then, Mary and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Katherine
Then Erica and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Samantha
Then, Sara and Jason were thinking about going to the station. Sara wanted to give a bone to Michael
Then, Kristen and Bradley went to the house. Kristen gave a bone to Rachel
Then, Jeremy and Danielle had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Lauren
Then, Vanessa and Brandon had a lot of fun at the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jamie and Joshua went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to Sara
After taking a long break Jeremy and Samantha went to the house, Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Brandon and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Lisa
Then Laura and Allison were working at the hospital, and Allison decided to give a kiss to John
Then in the morning, Daniel and Amanda were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a basketball to Alicia
Afterwards, Joshua and Christopher went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then Anthony and Mark had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Jessica
Then, Jessica and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Kenneth gave a necklace to Mary
While spending time together Cody and Joseph were working at the house, Cody gave a computer to Anthony
Then Elizabeth and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Jonathan
Then Erica and Amanda went to the school, and Amanda gave a computer to Jason
Then, Sean and Gregory were working at the office. Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Timothy and Jeremy went to the station. Timothy gave a snack to Adam
Then Kevin and Justin were working at the hospital, and Justin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Melissa and Paul were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch Alicia and Vanessa went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Amanda
Then, Melissa and Christina were thinking about going to the restaurant. Melissa wanted to give a snack to Jesse
After the lunch, David and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Bryan and Michael were thinking about going to the house. Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then, Tyler and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to Shannon
Then Bradley and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to Shannon
Then, Anthony and Benjamin were thinking about going to the restaurant. Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
Then Crystal and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Nicole
Then William and Bryan were thinking about going to the restaurant, and William wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Brandon and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Christina
Afterwards Katherine and Christina went to the store, and Christina gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Kenneth and Samantha had a lot of fun at the school. Samantha gave a bone to Andrew
After the lunch Elizabeth and Travis went to the store, and Travis gave a ring to Alicia
After the lunch, Steven and Elizabeth went to the station. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Kevin
Then Aaron and Allison had a lot of fun at the garden, and Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Kevin and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Nicholas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeremy and Robert went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then, Crystal and Stephen were thinking about going to the station. Stephen wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
After the lunch Jamie and Jennifer went to the office, and Jamie gave a necklace to Shannon
Then in the morning, Stephanie and David went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a snack to Nathan
Then, Robert and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
When soon afterwards Kenneth and Brian got a bone at the restaurant, Kenneth decided to give the bone to Tiffany
Then, Jonathan and Dustin had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Bryan
After the lunch, Justin and Jose went to the restaurant. Justin gave a kiss to Travis
When soon afterwards Joshua and Brian got a ring at the house, Joshua decided to give it to Lisa
Then Cody and Travis were thinking about going to the school, and Travis wanted to give a ring to Lauren
Afterwards Sarah and Lisa went to the office, and Sarah gave a drink to Angela
After the lunch Justin and Rachel went to the hospital, and Justin gave a necklace to Sean
After the lunch, Lindsay and Bryan went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a bone to Shannon
After the lunch Travis and Brian went to the restaurant, and Brian gave a computer to Lisa
Then Richard and Kelly were working at the store, and Kelly decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then Amanda and Lauren had a lot of fun at the school, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards Jessica and Kristen went to the house, and Jessica gave a basketball to Christine
Afterwards Lauren and Alicia went to the garden, and Alicia gave a drink to Michelle
Friends separated at birth Jamie and Jose found a computer at the garden. Jamie gave it to Anthony
Then, Katie and Alexander had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Erica
Then, Jacob and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Joseph
Then, Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Afterwards, Paul and Brandon went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a computer to Laura
Then Elizabeth and Bradley were thinking about going to the office, and Elizabeth wanted to give a ring to Laura
Then, William and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Allison gave a drink to David
Then Elizabeth and Lauren were working at the house, and Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Richard
Then, Jonathan and Laura were working at the garden. Jonathan decided to give a bone to Justin
Then, Kelly and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Samuel
Then Rachel and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Michael gave a computer to Megan
Friends separated at birth Amanda and Erica found a kiss at the house. Amanda gave it to Heather
After the lunch Melissa and Adam went to the store, and Melissa gave a necklace to Mary
Then Christina and Erin had a lot of fun at the school, and Erin gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Lindsay and Matthew were working at the hospital, and Matthew decided to give a computer to Jesse
Then Nathan and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Gregory
Then, Nathan and Joseph were working at the hospital. Joseph decided to give a computer to Matthew
Then Lindsay and Michelle were working at the garden, and Michelle decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then, Vanessa and Nathan were working at the station. Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Andrea and Jason went to the restaurant, and Jason gave a necklace to Anthony
Then Matthew and Patrick were thinking about going to the house, and Patrick wanted to give a kiss to Timothy
Then, Thomas and Adam went to the station. Thomas gave a bone to Christina
Then, Nathan and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Melissa wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Adam and Stephen were working at the office, and Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then Michelle and Melissa had a lot of fun at the store, and Melissa gave a snack to Robert
Then Jacob and Lisa were working at the restaurant, and Lisa decided to give a computer to Bryan
Then, Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Jeremy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Nicole went to the garden. Ryan gave a necklace to Kelly
When soon afterwards Amanda and Jason got a kiss at the hospital, Amanda decided to give the kiss to Kristen
Afterwards, Rachel and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a basketball to Angela
Then Travis and Brandon were working at the office, and Travis decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then Erica and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Stephanie
Then, Megan and Christina went to the office. Megan gave a computer to Heather
Then Jose and Amber were thinking about going to the garden, and Jose wanted to give a computer to Paul
After the lunch Jeremy and Jeffrey went to the garden, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Charles
Then, Steven and Rachel had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Brian
Then, Kevin and Jonathan were thinking about going to the garden. Kevin wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then Shannon and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Robert
Then Bryan and Danielle were working at the store, and Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Bryan and Lauren were thinking about going to the office. Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Katie
Then Paul and William had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Jose
Then Kristen and Courtney had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Stephen
Then, Charles and Alexander were working at the school. Alexander decided to give a ring to Stephen
Then Danielle and Jeremy went to the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then Heather and Crystal went to the store, and Heather gave a ring to Jonathan
After the lunch William and Shannon went to the office, and Shannon gave a basketball to Jeffrey
After the lunch Shannon and Cody went to the hospital, and Shannon gave a computer to Stephen
Then Erin and Samantha went to the house, and Erin gave a snack to James
Then, Christina and Matthew were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then, Laura and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Alexander
Then, Thomas and Melissa had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Kevin
Then, Erica and Megan were thinking about going to the station. Megan wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then, Jose and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Rebecca said to Aaron
Then Scott and Jacob were thinking about going to the office, and Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Then Travis and Justin were thinking about going to the garden, and Justin wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Bradley and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a bone to Rachel
The local big house Thomas and Erica went to had a basketball. Thomas gave it to Megan
Afterwards, while spending time together Travis and Sara went to the office. Travis gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then, Samantha and Courtney went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a bone to Gregory
Then Katie and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station, and Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
While spending time together Stephanie and Mark were commuting to the station, Stephanie gave a drink to Adam
Then, Elizabeth and Mark had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Danielle
Then Eric and Paul had a lot of fun at the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Sarah and Sara went to the hospital. Sarah gave a ring to Brittany
After the lunch, Heather and Emily went to the station. Emily gave a bone to Amy
While spending time together Tiffany and Gregory were working at the station, Tiffany gave a bone to Jonathan
Then, Vanessa and Kevin went to the school. Kevin gave a necklace to Joseph
Then Heather and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Sarah
Then Ryan and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Christina
Then, Tyler and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then, Danielle and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a necklace to Andrea
After the lunch, Megan and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to Melissa
Then Adam and Thomas went to the station, and Thomas gave a bone to Christina
After the lunch, William and Eric went to the garden. Eric gave a kiss to Jason
Then, Steven and Ashley had a long argument and after that Steven said to Angela
Then, Stephanie and Amanda were thinking about going to the hospital. Amanda wanted to give a computer to Thomas
Then Ryan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Ryan gave a bone to Erica
Then Andrea and James had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and James gave a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Ashley and Jose were thinking about going to the house. Ashley wanted to give a ring to Scott
Then in the morning, David and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Jamie
Then Gregory and Kevin were thinking about going to the school, and Kevin wanted to give a ring to Jesse
After the lunch, Patrick and Amy went to the hospital. Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Afterwards, Nicholas and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a computer to Thomas
When soon afterwards Nicole and Christina got a basketball at the hospital, Nicole decided to give the basketball to Jason
Then, Anthony and Joseph went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to Stephanie
Then Lindsey and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Andrew
Then, Gregory and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Timothy
Afterwards Lindsay and Timothy went to the school, and Timothy gave a drink to Matthew
Then, James and Michael were working at the office. James decided to give a computer to Laura
Then, Laura and Jonathan were working at the garden. Jonathan decided to give a bone to Justin
Then, William and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to James
Afterwards, Tiffany and Kelly went to the office. Tiffany gave a drink to Stephen
Then Matthew and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
While spending time together Ashley and Jennifer were working at the store, Ashley gave a computer to Thomas
After the lunch Christina and Kristen went to the office, and Kristen gave a computer to Kelly
Friends separated at birth Katherine and Lauren found a bone at the office. Katherine gave it to Jamie
Then Justin and William were working at the school, and Justin decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then, Brittany and Crystal had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Crystal gave a ring to Erica
Then Laura and Jonathan were working at the garden, and Jonathan decided to give a bone to Justin
After the lunch Heather and Paul went to the station, and Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then Amy and Joshua were working at the restaurant, and Joshua decided to give a ring to Jacob
After the lunch Sara and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Mary and Ashley were thinking about going to the restaurant. Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then, Brian and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Justin
Then, Bradley and Steven went to the garden. Bradley gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Dustin and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Jonathan
Then, Crystal and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Nicole
After the lunch Shannon and William went to the office, and Shannon gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Bryan and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Kyle
Then, Nathan and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Lindsay
Then Jesse and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Rebecca
While spending time together Andrew and Benjamin were working at the garden, Andrew gave a snack to Eric
Then, Alexander and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital. Patrick gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Richard and Amy went to the garden. Richard gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Kevin and Adam had a long argument, and after that Kevin said to Alexander
After the lunch, Jacob and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Kristen and Benjamin went to the store. Kristen gave a computer to Michael
Then Kristen and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden, and Kristen wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Then Angela and Dustin had a lot of fun at the house, and Angela gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Charles and Aaron went to the office, and Charles gave a basketball to Scott
Then in the morning afterwards, Andrew and James had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Shannon
Then, Nicole and Michael went to the store. Nicole gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Amy and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Jacob
Then in the morning, Kyle and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house. Kyle gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Jeffrey and Crystal had a lot of fun at the house. Jeffrey gave a ring to Matthew
Then in the morning afterwards, Tiffany and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Stephanie
Afterwards, while spending time together Lauren and Joseph went to the school. Lauren gave a bone to Thomas
Afterwards, Benjamin and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a kiss to Lisa
Then, Alexander and Crystal had a lot of fun at the school. Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
Afterwards, while spending time together Kelly and Jeffrey went to the store. Kelly gave a ring to Justin
While spending time together Jessica and Samantha were commuting to the office, Jessica gave a computer to Nicole
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jeremy
After the lunch, Jessica and Courtney went to the store. Jessica gave a basketball to Rebecca
Then Jesse and Bryan were thinking about going to the station, and Jesse wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then Katherine and David were working at the garden, and Katherine decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Friends separated at birth Lauren and Ryan found a snack at the house. Lauren gave it to Angela
After the lunch Matthew and Melissa went to the school, and Melissa gave a bone to Danielle
Then, Jeffrey and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a drink to Ashley
While spending time together Stephanie and Ryan were working at the hospital, Stephanie gave a drink to Christine
The local big store Jamie and Bryan went to had a computer. Jamie gave it to Mark
After the lunch, Cody and Brandon went to the school. Cody gave a bone to Robert
Then, Michael and Elizabeth went to the office. Elizabeth gave a bone to Angela
Then, Sara and Lindsay were working at the office. Sara decided to give a bone to Jessica
After the lunch, Amy and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a basketball to Brian
Then Mary and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Angela
Then, Richard and William went to the garden. William gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards Bradley and Megan went to the hospital, and Bradley gave a ring to Cody
Then Erica and Sara had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sara gave a drink to Allison
Then Katherine and Gregory were working at the station, and Gregory decided to give a ring to Angela
Then, Jeffrey and Katherine went to the office. Katherine gave a necklace to Samantha
The local big restaurant Amanda and Stephen went to had a ring. Amanda gave it to Cody
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kyle and David went to the hospital. Kyle gave a ring to Christina
Then Bradley and Erica had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to Kelly
Then, Angela and John had a lot of fun at the station. Angela gave a snack to Anthony
After the lunch in the afternoon, Bryan and Jonathan went to the garden. Bryan gave a computer to Jennifer
Afterwards, Gregory and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch, Nicholas and Scott went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
While spending time together Laura and Michelle were commuting to the restaurant, Laura gave a ring to David
After the lunch Erin and Katherine went to the house, and Katherine gave a drink to Stephanie
Afterwards, while spending time together Bradley and Megan went to the office. Bradley gave a kiss to Amber
Then Brittany and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Katherine
Then Megan and Christina went to the office, and Megan gave a computer to Heather
Then in the morning, Melissa and Allison had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Kristen
Then, Jesse and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to William
While spending time together Tiffany and Amy were commuting to the school, Tiffany gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Andrea and Alicia went to the office, and Alicia gave a computer to Erin
Then Stephen and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Michelle
While spending time together Justin and Joshua were working at the office, Justin gave a drink to Travis
While spending time together Christina and Jonathan were commuting to the school, Christina gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Vanessa and Kristen were working at the office. Kristen decided to give a computer to Stephanie
Then, William and Bryan were thinking about going to the restaurant. William wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Amy and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Kevin
Afterwards, Bradley and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Rebecca and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Samuel gave a snack to Timothy
Then Bryan and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Amanda
Then Jeremy and Sara went to the office, and Jeremy gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, Patrick and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Justin
When soon afterwards Anthony and Jeffrey got a necklace at the office, Anthony decided to give it to Bradley
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and William went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a bone to Shannon
Afterwards Jonathan and Eric went to the office, and Jonathan gave a snack to Kyle
Then Mark and Tyler were working at the garden, and Mark decided to give a drink to Amanda
After the lunch Allison and Eric went to the station, and Allison gave a kiss to Christina
Then, Allison and Samantha had a lot of fun at the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards, Jesse and Jeffrey went to the house. Jeffrey gave a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards, Sara and Anthony went to the garden. Sara gave a necklace to Michael
Afterwards, Melissa and Laura went to the house. Melissa gave a basketball to Christine
Then in the morning, Kelly and Danielle went to the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Melissa and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden. Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Joshua and Jessica were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Jeremy
Then Michelle and Christopher were thinking about going to the store, and Christopher wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then Amy and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Katie
Then Kenneth and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to William
Then, Elizabeth and Adam went to the house. Adam gave a kiss to Jeffrey
Afterwards Lindsey and Kimberly went to the hospital, and Lindsey gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Stephen and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Dustin
After the lunch, Rachel and Kelly went to the restaurant. Kelly gave a kiss to Joseph
After the lunch Melissa and Matthew went to the school, and Melissa gave a bone to Danielle
Then Bryan and Danielle were thinking about going to the garden, and Danielle wanted to give a bone to John
Then, Rachel and David had a long argument and after that David said to Rebecca
Then Lindsay and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Tiffany
Then, John and Alexander had a long argument and after that John said to Joshua
Then, Christine and Justin were working at the hospital. Justin decided to give a basketball to Andrew
After the lunch Kyle and Lindsey went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then John and Nathan had a long argument, and after that John said to Patrick
Afterwards Samuel and Justin went to the office, and Justin gave a bone to Cody
After the lunch, Nathan and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a basketball to Robert
Then Jennifer and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Lindsay
Afterwards, Tyler and Melissa went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Mark and Angela were thinking about going to the house. Angela wanted to give a drink to Katherine
Then, Sara and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Alicia
Then, Jason and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tiffany gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then Benjamin and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Amanda
The local big restaurant Crystal and Amanda went to had a kiss. Crystal gave it to Sarah
Afterwards, Jamie and Crystal went to the house. Crystal gave a kiss to Christina
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Dustin
Then Melissa and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Amber
Then, Rebecca and Angela were thinking about going to the school. Angela wanted to give a drink to Samuel
Afterwards, Scott and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a drink to Kevin
Then, Tyler and Ashley had a lot of fun at the house. Tyler gave a computer to Tiffany
Then, Steven and Justin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Justin gave a computer to Vanessa
Afterwards, Brian and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a kiss to Nathan
Afterwards, David and Jose went to the restaurant. David gave a bone to Alexander
Then, Nicholas and Katherine went to the school. Nicholas gave a computer to Paul
After the lunch Kevin and Laura went to the house, and Laura gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then William and Ashley were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then Adam and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Lindsey
Then Christina and Amanda had a lot of fun at the store, and Christina gave a snack to Mary
Then, Bradley and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Katie
Then in the morning afterwards, Jennifer and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to David
Then, Kimberly and Lisa had a lot of fun at the house. Kimberly gave a ring to Erica
After the lunch Shannon and Patrick went to the station, and Patrick gave a computer to Angela
Then Cody and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Emily
Then Jacob and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to Christopher
Then Michelle and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Samantha
Then, Heather and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Jose
Then Tyler and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Travis
Then, Jose and Alexander were thinking about going to the office. Alexander wanted to give a snack to Michelle
The local big house Kimberly and Kyle went to had a basketball. Kimberly gave it to Christine
Then Heather and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Heather said to Elizabeth
After the lunch Sean and Ryan went to the hospital, and Sean gave a bone to Christina
Then Travis and Tyler were thinking about going to the office, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Afterwards, Tiffany and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Bryan and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Jeremy
Then Joshua and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school, and Tiffany gave a basketball to Courtney
Afterwards, Sarah and Lisa went to the office. Sarah gave a drink to Angela
After the lunch, Michael and Erin went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Nathan and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Joseph
Then, Robert and Eric had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Eric gave a ring to Matthew
After the lunch Travis and Brandon went to the restaurant, and Brandon gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Lindsey and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsey gave a bone to Jennifer
Afterwards Tyler and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a bone to Sara
Then Shannon and Justin went to the store, and Shannon gave a computer to Katherine
Then Tyler and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office, and Andrew gave a ring to Heather
Then, Jason and Katie were thinking about going to the school. Katie wanted to give a ring to Rebecca
Then, Brian and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Stephanie
Then, Stephanie and William went to the house. Stephanie gave a drink to Thomas
Then Kelly and Megan were thinking about going to the hospital, and Megan wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Then, Benjamin and Christina were working at the school. Christina decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Kimberly and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Jonathan
Then, Anthony and Mark had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Jessica
Then Stephanie and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Jason
Afterwards Paul and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Jennifer
After the lunch Bradley and Jessica went to the store, and Jessica gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Brandon and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital. Allison gave a computer to Erica
Then, Timothy and Adam were thinking about going to the station. Timothy wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then, Laura and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Sarah
Then, Dustin and Amy had a long argument and after that Amy said to Katie
Then Angela and Lindsey were thinking about going to the station, and Angela wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Friends separated at birth Stephanie and Lauren found a drink at the hospital. Stephanie gave it to Kyle
Then Michelle and Eric went to the hospital, and Eric gave a ring to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Ryan and Dustin were thinking about going to the house. Ryan wanted to give a bone to Rachel
Then, Tyler and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Jason
Afterwards, Eric and Steven went to the store. Eric gave a bone to Ryan
Then Melissa and Emily were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then Nicole and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Erin
Then Bradley and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
After the lunch, Thomas and Bryan went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then David and Heather went to the restaurant, and Heather gave a computer to Jason
Then, Jennifer and Steven had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Megan
After the lunch Kristen and Christine went to the store, and Christine gave a ring to Heather
Then Daniel and Vanessa went to the house, and Daniel gave a ring to Alicia
Then Lauren and Amanda had a lot of fun at the school, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Sarah and Thomas were working at the station. Sarah decided to give a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch Kenneth and Steven went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Kevin and Brittany went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Mary and Ashley were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then Justin and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Justin said to Ashley
Then Courtney and Tiffany went to the school, and Courtney gave a computer to Erica
While spending time together Rachel and Dustin were commuting to the house, Rachel gave a bone to Jessica
Then in the morning, Melissa and Jessica went to the school. Melissa gave a drink to Michael
Then Michelle and Joshua were working at the restaurant, and Michelle decided to give a kiss to David
Afterwards Kimberly and Lindsey went to the hospital, and Lindsey gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Lindsey and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Katherine
Then Eric and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Timothy
Then, Benjamin and Danielle were thinking about going to the office. Danielle wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Then, Thomas and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Andrew
Afterwards Mary and Adam went to the school, and Mary gave a ring to Katherine
Then, Brittany and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Alicia
After taking a long break Kevin and Jeremy went to the restaurant, Kevin gave a basketball to Nathan
Then Erica and Sean were thinking about going to the garden, and Erica wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Afterwards, while spending time together Aaron and Rachel went to the station. Aaron gave a necklace to Brian
Afterwards Joshua and Timothy went to the station, and Joshua gave a basketball to Sara
While spending time together Lisa and Katie were commuting to the station, Lisa gave a kiss to Cody
After the lunch, Shannon and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a computer to Amy
After the lunch Nicole and Erin went to the house, and Erin gave a bone to Jennifer
While spending time together Kenneth and John were working at the garden, Kenneth gave a kiss to Erica
Then Erin and Robert went to the house, and Erin gave a ring to Daniel
Then Shannon and Eric went to the store, and Eric gave a kiss to Lauren
Afterwards, Benjamin and Kevin went to the hospital. Kevin gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Christopher and Richard were thinking about going to the hospital. Richard wanted to give a necklace to Megan
While spending time together Alicia and Gregory were commuting to the store, Alicia gave a drink to Samuel
Then Paul and Eric had a lot of fun at the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Brittany and Nicole had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Brian
Then Kevin and Dustin had a lot of fun at the store, and Kevin gave a drink to Brandon
Afterwards Justin and Samuel went to the office, and Justin gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Joseph and Samuel went to the office, and Samuel gave a ring to Nicole
After the lunch, Nathan and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a bone to Danielle
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Andrea
After the lunch James and Benjamin went to the station, and Benjamin gave a basketball to Kevin
Then, Kristen and Allison were thinking about going to the garden. Allison wanted to give a snack to Tiffany
Afterwards, while spending time together Dustin and Tiffany went to the store. Dustin gave a basketball to Aaron
Then, Bryan and William were thinking about going to the restaurant. William wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Thomas and Michael had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Afterwards Tiffany and Courtney went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
When soon afterwards Kristen and Bryan got a computer at the store, Kristen decided to give it to Michael
Then Tiffany and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Eric
Then, Melissa and Tyler went to the office. Melissa gave a necklace to Sara
Then Dustin and Amy had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Katie
Then, Amber and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Sarah said to Kelly
Then Matthew and Amy were thinking about going to the station, and Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then Mark and Jesse were thinking about going to the school, and Jesse wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then Jessica and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then William and Lisa went to the restaurant, and William gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Samantha and Melissa went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
After the lunch Patrick and Shannon went to the station, and Patrick gave a computer to Angela
Friends separated at birth Lindsay and Benjamin found a ring at the garden. Lindsay gave it to Emily
Then, Laura and Jessica had a lot of fun at the station. Jessica gave a ring to Jacob
After the lunch, Patrick and Crystal went to the store. Patrick gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Thomas and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Ryan gave a bone to Erica
Afterwards David and Jose went to the restaurant, and David gave a bone to Alexander
Then, Nathan and John had a long argument and after that John said to Patrick
Then, Amanda and Charles went to the school. Amanda gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Samantha and Nicholas went to the restaurant. Nicholas gave a basketball to Tyler
Then Jonathan and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Justin
Then, Tiffany and Bryan were working at the house. Bryan decided to give a necklace to Danielle
Then in the morning, Dustin and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Matthew
Then Lisa and William went to the restaurant, and William gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Alexander and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Alexander said to James
Then, Tyler and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Andrew and John were working at the office. Andrew decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then Robert and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Rachel
Then, Sara and Robert went to the store. Robert gave a computer to Lindsay
The local big hospital Robert and Kenneth went to had a snack. Robert gave it to Lindsay
Then, Patrick and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Lisa
After the lunch, Scott and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Andrea and Brian had a lot of fun at the office. Andrea gave a ring to Amanda
Then, Kelly and Amber were thinking about going to the restaurant. Amber wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Anthony and Bryan were thinking about going to the office. Bryan wanted to give a drink to Megan
Then Anthony and Kelly went to the store, and Anthony gave a basketball to Kyle
Afterwards Erin and Michelle went to the garden, and Michelle gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Eric and Steven had a lot of fun at the office. Steven gave a computer to Heather
Then, John and Adam were working at the store. Adam decided to give a bone to Angela
Then, Tiffany and Ashley had a lot of fun at the garden. Ashley gave a ring to Samantha
Then Stephanie and Paul were thinking about going to the store, and Paul wanted to give a ring to Justin
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Christopher
Then, Amy and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Charles and Aaron went to the office. Charles gave a basketball to Scott
While spending time together Dustin and Nathan were working at the office, Dustin gave a basketball to Shannon
Then, Laura and Amy were working at the restaurant. Laura decided to give a basketball to Ashley
After the lunch Stephanie and Patrick went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Eric
Then, Vanessa and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Anthony
Then, Travis and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Jacob and Tiffany were working at the office. Jacob decided to give a ring to Thomas
Then Kelly and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Jeffrey
Then, Michelle and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Samantha
Then Emily and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Jose
Then Erica and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Cody
Afterwards Lindsey and Erica went to the office, and Erica gave a ring to Katie
Then, Timothy and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Kelly
Then Justin and Kevin were working at the hospital, and Justin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Samantha and Katie had a long argument and after that Katie said to Elizabeth
Then, Steven and Amanda had a long argument and after that Steven said to Shannon
Then Nicole and Ashley were thinking about going to the house, and Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
The local big school Kenneth and Joshua went to had a necklace. Kenneth gave it to Jacob
Then Brandon and Jacob were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jacob wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then James and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Nicholas
Afterwards, Melissa and Tiffany went to the house. Melissa gave a kiss to Mark
Then Jeffrey and Jonathan were thinking about going to the office, and Jeffrey wanted to give a snack to Nicole
Then, Ashley and William were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then Jeremy and Alicia had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alicia gave a drink to Tyler
After taking a long break Aaron and Travis went to the school, Aaron gave a snack to Melissa
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephen and Aaron went to the school. Stephen gave a computer to Bradley
Then, Justin and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Justin said to Ashley
Then Heather and Robert were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Heather wanted to give a ring to Samantha
Afterwards, Kristen and Richard went to the restaurant. Kristen gave a necklace to Angela
Then Michael and James were working at the office, and James decided to give a computer to Laura
Then Ryan and Katie had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Kyle
Then Adam and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Christina
Then Katie and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jeffrey gave a snack to Richard
Then Andrew and Jeremy were thinking about going to the house, and Jeremy wanted to give a computer to Robert
Then in the morning, Ryan and Bradley were thinking about going to the garden. Ryan wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then Jacob and Eric had a lot of fun at the garden, and Eric gave a bone to Jesse
Then, Jeremy and David had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Vanessa
Then, Erin and Mark had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Jamie
Then, Ashley and Steven had a long argument and after that Steven said to Angela
After the lunch, Timothy and Mary went to the store. Mary gave a basketball to Vanessa
After the lunch Jennifer and Jamie went to the office, and Jamie gave a necklace to Shannon
Friends separated at birth Erica and Lauren found a drink at the station. Erica gave it to Lisa
Then Brian and Megan were working at the station, and Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then Melissa and Dustin were thinking about going to the station, and Dustin wanted to give a snack to David
Then Jonathan and Megan had a long argument, and after that Megan said to Nathan
Then, Erica and Samuel had a long argument and after that Erica said to Jeffrey
Then Michelle and Allison were working at the house, and Allison decided to give a ring to Kyle
After the lunch, Nicole and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a basketball to Ryan
Then Shannon and Jose had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Shannon gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then Stephanie and Sara were thinking about going to the hospital, and Sara wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Then, Samuel and Kelly were working at the station. Kelly decided to give a kiss to David
After the lunch, Ryan and Joshua went to the school. Joshua gave a drink to Ashley
Then Amanda and Kelly were working at the restaurant, and Kelly decided to give a kiss to Robert
Then Ashley and Michelle were working at the restaurant, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Sara
Then Mark and Angela were thinking about going to the house, and Angela wanted to give a drink to Katherine
Then, Danielle and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Benjamin gave a basketball to Ryan
Then, Kyle and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a kiss to Crystal
When soon afterwards David and Ashley got a kiss at the store, David decided to give the kiss to Tiffany
Then, Paul and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Paul said to Mark
Then Adam and Patrick had a lot of fun at the station, and Patrick gave a basketball to Brian
Then Justin and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Andrew and Jennifer were working at the hospital. Jennifer decided to give a basketball to Bradley
Friends separated at birth Erica and Erin found a ring at the restaurant. Erica gave it to Jesse
Afterwards, Allison and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then in the morning, Bradley and Justin had a lot of fun at the hospital. Bradley gave a drink to Anthony
Then Erin and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Charles
Then, Christina and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Jeffrey
Afterwards Travis and Katherine went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then Cody and Richard had a lot of fun at the station, and Richard gave a basketball to Danielle
When soon afterwards Stephen and Nicole got a necklace at the office, Stephen decided to give the necklace to Daniel
After the lunch, Katherine and Angela went to the school. Katherine gave a snack to David
Then, Jeremy and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then, Mary and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Mary said to Kimberly
Afterwards, Robert and Patrick went to the store. Robert gave a drink to Sara
Then Brian and Justin had a long argument, and after that Justin said to Kenneth
Then, Alicia and Steven were working at the station. Alicia decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then, John and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a bone to Anthony
After the lunch Emily and Heather went to the station, and Emily gave a bone to Amy
After the lunch, Sarah and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Stephanie and Sara were thinking about going to the hospital. Sara wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Afterwards Brandon and Jonathan went to the school, and Brandon gave a snack to Gregory
Then Gregory and Alexander went to the school, and Alexander gave a computer to John
Afterwards Benjamin and Lindsey went to the restaurant, and Benjamin gave a kiss to Lisa
When soon afterwards Heather and Anthony got a basketball at the house, Heather decided to give the basketball to Emily
The local big store Stephen and Jesse went to had a kiss. Stephen gave it to Jonathan
Then Amanda and Sara were working at the restaurant, and Sara decided to give a drink to Nicole
Then, Brandon and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Lisa
Afterwards, Sara and Erica went to the station. Erica gave a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Jamie and Michelle had a lot of fun at the store. Jamie gave a bone to Jonathan
Afterwards, Katherine and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then Ashley and Steven had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Angela
When soon afterwards Mary and Emily got a necklace at the school, Mary decided to give the necklace to Kenneth
Then, Melissa and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Samuel
Then Brandon and James had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Gregory
After the lunch Bryan and Thomas went to the school, and Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Nicholas and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Katherine
Then, Laura and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Alexander
While spending time together Richard and Lisa were working at the hospital, Richard gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Sarah and Allison had a lot of fun at the school. Sarah gave a drink to Michael
Then Michelle and Nicole were working at the station, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then Andrew and Emily had a long argument, and after that Andrew said to Erica
Then, William and Justin were working at the school. Justin decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then Sarah and Crystal were thinking about going to the station, and Crystal wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Brittany and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Amy
Then, Rebecca and Adam were thinking about going to the restaurant. Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Michelle
Then in the morning, James and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jessica
Then, Kelly and Joseph went to the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Allison and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Jesse
Then, Amanda and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital. Amanda wanted to give a computer to Thomas
Then in the morning, Scott and Joseph had a lot of fun at the hospital. Scott gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Katie and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Ryan
Then Lindsay and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then, Kyle and Adam had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Samuel
Afterwards, Michael and Justin went to the station. Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Tiffany and Rachel had a lot of fun at the house. Rachel gave a basketball to Brian
Then Vanessa and Jacob went to the hospital, and Jacob gave a ring to Adam
Then, Adam and Michelle were thinking about going to the store. Adam wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then Thomas and Kyle went to the office, and Thomas gave a ring to Travis
Afterwards Elizabeth and Allison went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a snack to Christina
Then, Jeremy and Timothy went to the store. Timothy gave a basketball to Katherine
The local big store Brian and Benjamin went to had a bone. Brian gave it to Kenneth
Afterwards, while spending time together Eric and Jesse went to the restaurant. Eric gave a snack to Jamie
After the lunch Erin and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Mary and Bradley went to the garden, and Bradley gave a snack to Tiffany
After the lunch, Angela and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a bone to Nathan
Afterwards Timothy and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a basketball to Sara
Friends separated at birth Aaron and Bryan found a basketball at the garden. Aaron gave it to Amy
Then Christopher and Richard were thinking about going to the hospital, and Richard wanted to give a necklace to Megan
Then, Erica and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Cody
Then Eric and Shannon went to the store, and Eric gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Matthew and Charles were thinking about going to the station. Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch, Brian and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a snack to Michael
Then, Crystal and Christina had a lot of fun at the store. Christina gave a computer to Samantha
Then, Paul and Melissa were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then Michelle and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office, and Thomas gave a kiss to Kenneth
Then, Alicia and Matthew were thinking about going to the school. Alicia wanted to give a snack to Jason
Afterwards Thomas and Amy went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Tiffany and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Erin
The local big restaurant Andrea and Cody went to had a snack. Andrea gave it to Alicia
Then, Bradley and Mary went to the garden. Bradley gave a snack to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Anthony
After the lunch Kristen and Christina went to the office, and Christina gave a drink to Megan
Then Thomas and Megan were thinking about going to the garden, and Thomas wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Friends separated at birth Mary and Charles found a basketball at the store. Mary gave it to John
Then in the morning, Michelle and Amy went to the station. Michelle gave a ring to Shannon
After the lunch, Eric and Jacob went to the house. Jacob gave a drink to Thomas
Afterwards Stephen and Kyle went to the house, and Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Megan and Alicia went to the school, and Megan gave a snack to Joseph
Then Jason and Daniel went to the station, and Daniel gave a kiss to Kevin
Then, Amy and Kenneth had a long argument and after that Kenneth said to Scott
Then, Shannon and Justin went to the store. Shannon gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Andrew and Sean went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Erica and Eric had a lot of fun at the hospital. Erica gave a ring to Allison
Then, Joshua and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards, while spending time together Christine and Jose went to the school. Christine gave a bone to Bryan
Then Robert and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Erin
Then Ryan and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Jeffrey
After the lunch Robert and Amy went to the restaurant, and Robert gave a basketball to Brian
Then Jeremy and Jessica were thinking about going to the office, and Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then, Rebecca and Richard were working at the office. Rebecca decided to give a snack to Kyle
Then Rebecca and Adam were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Michelle
While spending time together Lisa and Adam were commuting to the garden, Lisa gave a necklace to Joshua
Then, Christine and Jason were working at the store. Christine decided to give a ring to Paul
Then Jennifer and Kyle had a lot of fun at the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Andrea
Then Crystal and Stephen were thinking about going to the station, and Stephen wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then, Nathan and Amber had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Benjamin
After the lunch Mark and Melissa went to the school, and Mark gave a drink to Mary
Then Sean and Alicia were thinking about going to the hospital, and Alicia wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then Jesse and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Amy and Paul were working at the office. Amy decided to give a necklace to Alicia
Then Andrea and Kristen went to the school, and Kristen gave a computer to Jose
When soon afterwards Jonathan and Brittany got a snack at the garden, Jonathan decided to give it to Bradley
Then in the morning afterwards, Elizabeth and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Lisa
Then Amber and Sarah went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Thomas
Then, Tyler and David had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Michael
Then Brittany and Charles were working at the restaurant, and Brittany decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Kyle and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office, and Andrew gave a kiss to Laura
After the lunch, Eric and Jeffrey went to the house. Jeffrey gave a bone to Paul
Then Benjamin and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Lisa
Then Sara and Tiffany were working at the restaurant, and Tiffany decided to give a ring to Christopher
Then, Jonathan and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Justin
Then in the morning afterwards, Justin and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Justin said to Michael
Afterwards, Joseph and James went to the office. Joseph gave a basketball to Sara
Then Kristen and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Kristen said to Kimberly
Then, David and Lauren were thinking about going to the restaurant. David wanted to give a ring to Megan
Afterwards Jennifer and Christine went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Stephanie and Paul were thinking about going to the store. Paul wanted to give a ring to Justin
Then in the morning, Samuel and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Samuel gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Kyle and Bradley were thinking about going to the store, and Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Andrew
Then, John and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Thomas and Lauren were working at the restaurant, and Thomas decided to give a computer to Nicole
Then, Anthony and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Christina
Then Crystal and Nicole were thinking about going to the store, and Nicole wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
After the lunch Katherine and Jonathan went to the station, and Jonathan gave a basketball to Joshua
Then, Benjamin and Tyler had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Travis
Then, Brittany and Lisa had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Lisa gave a drink to Sean
Then Steven and Katie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Ashley were thinking about going to the office. Rebecca wanted to give a kiss to Robert
Then in the morning afterwards, Tyler and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Sean
Then, Vanessa and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
After the lunch Sara and Rachel went to the garden, and Rachel gave a ring to Stephanie
After the lunch, Andrea and Thomas went to the store. Andrea gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Megan and Kristen were thinking about going to the station. Megan wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then Jessica and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Amber
Then Benjamin and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Jennifer
Then in the morning, William and Shannon went to the garden. William gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Kristen and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Sara
Then Melissa and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Kenneth
Afterwards William and Benjamin went to the station, and Benjamin gave a ring to James
Then Emily and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Lindsay
Afterwards, Joseph and Lindsey went to the school. Lindsey gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Christine and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house. Matthew gave a necklace to Scott
Then, Joseph and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Jeffrey
Then Stephen and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Joseph
Then Christina and Anthony went to the school, and Anthony gave a snack to Alicia
Then Amy and Laura were working at the restaurant, and Laura decided to give a basketball to Ashley
Then, Andrew and Jamie went to the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, Nathan and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Vanessa and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
The local big restaurant Danielle and Bradley went to had a bone. Danielle gave it to Amber
Then Alicia and Nicole went to the store, and Nicole gave a ring to Kristen
After the lunch in the afternoon, Gregory and Steven went to the office. Gregory gave a basketball to Scott
Then Mark and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Erin said to Jamie
Then in the morning, Allison and Angela were thinking about going to the house. Allison wanted to give a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Vanessa and Steven went to the hospital, and Steven gave a necklace to Travis
Then Joseph and Amanda were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Heather
Then in the morning, Stephen and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the garden. Stephen gave a kiss to Angela
Then Nicole and Eric were working at the school, and Eric decided to give a computer to Angela
Then, Andrea and Lindsay were thinking about going to the office. Lindsay wanted to give a basketball to Nathan
Then Daniel and Kyle were working at the garden, and Kyle decided to give a necklace to Shannon
Then in the morning, Richard and Sarah were thinking about going to the school. Richard wanted to give a snack to Stephen
While spending time together Jeremy and Joshua were working at the office, Jeremy gave a ring to Eric
Afterwards, while spending time together Christopher and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a computer to Nathan
While spending time together Brandon and Thomas were commuting to the hospital, Brandon gave a kiss to Megan
Then William and Bradley had a lot of fun at the garden, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Tyler and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then Justin and Christina went to the station, and Christina gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Then Richard and Nicholas were thinking about going to the house, and Nicholas wanted to give a ring to Jesse
Then, Benjamin and Samantha had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Amanda
Then Dustin and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Bryan
After the lunch, Alexander and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a bone to Ryan
Then Patrick and Matthew went to the station, and Matthew gave a drink to Brittany
The local big school Gregory and Sara went to had a basketball. Gregory gave it to Laura
Then, Cody and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Emily
Then, Steven and Aaron went to the station. Steven gave a computer to Christina
Afterwards, Christopher and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a bone to Daniel
Then, Rachel and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Charles
Then, Danielle and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Tyler
Then Mark and Angela had a lot of fun at the school, and Angela gave a snack to Matthew
Then Danielle and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Lauren
Then Daniel and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Christina
After the lunch Courtney and Lindsay went to the restaurant, and Lindsay gave a computer to Stephanie
Then Steven and Allison were working at the office, and Allison decided to give a bone to Jamie
Then Erica and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Kevin
Afterwards, Jason and Mark went to the hospital. Mark gave a kiss to Shannon
Then Joseph and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to Dustin
Then Heather and Jeremy were working at the school, and Jeremy decided to give a computer to Sean
Then, Steven and Gregory were thinking about going to the store. Gregory wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Aaron and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Jennifer
Then, Allison and Danielle went to the hospital. Allison gave a basketball to Megan
Then Kelly and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Katherine
Then Jason and Lauren went to the store, and Lauren gave a drink to Jessica
Then Crystal and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Tiffany
Afterwards Scott and Samuel went to the garden, and Samuel gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Benjamin and Sean were thinking about going to the store. Sean wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Jacob got a computer at the garden, Jennifer decided to give it to Dustin
Then, Adam and Jose went to the school. Adam gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Ashley and Kenneth were working at the station. Ashley decided to give a drink to Erin
Then Michael and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Emily and James went to the hospital. James gave a computer to Sarah
Then, Jessica and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Stephen
Afterwards, Brandon and Jonathan went to the school. Brandon gave a snack to Gregory
Afterwards, Ashley and Bradley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a necklace to Jason
After the lunch Lauren and Christopher went to the house, and Christopher gave a bone to Dustin
After the lunch Eric and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
After taking a long break Stephen and Kelly went to the school, Stephen gave a basketball to Joseph
Then, Nicole and Amber were thinking about going to the store. Nicole wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Then Jennifer and Richard were working at the school, and Richard decided to give a kiss to Kristen
Then, Jonathan and Erin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Crystal and Patrick were thinking about going to the office. Crystal wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
While spending time together Sean and Andrew were commuting to the hospital, Sean gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, David and Timothy had a long argument and after that David said to Alexander
Then Crystal and Amy were working at the office, and Crystal decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Robert and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Dustin
Then, Thomas and Christine had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Christine gave a necklace to Jamie
Then Cody and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Tyler
Then Jonathan and Danielle went to the station, and Danielle gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Allison and Joshua went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a computer to John
Then, Bryan and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Jesse wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Aaron and Michelle were thinking about going to the garden. Michelle wanted to give a snack to Katherine
Afterwards Paul and Danielle went to the store, and Paul gave a drink to Rebecca
Then Laura and Jessica had a lot of fun at the station, and Jessica gave a ring to Jacob
Then, Alexander and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Courtney
While spending time together Shannon and Katherine were working at the house, Shannon gave a basketball to Tyler
After the lunch Jeremy and Kelly went to the hospital, and Jeremy gave a ring to Richard
Then Matthew and Charles were thinking about going to the station, and Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Afterwards Megan and Bradley went to the hospital, and Bradley gave a ring to Cody
When soon afterwards David and Kimberly got a bone at the restaurant, David decided to give it to Alexander
Then Erin and Jessica were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Erin wanted to give a computer to David
Then, Daniel and Christopher were thinking about going to the house. Christopher wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then Kevin and Jonathan were thinking about going to the garden, and Kevin wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then, Elizabeth and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a computer to Kenneth
Then Daniel and Sean had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Mary
After the lunch Rachel and Sara went to the garden, and Rachel gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Samuel and James went to the garden. Samuel gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch Richard and Courtney went to the station, and Courtney gave a kiss to Emily
After the lunch Shannon and Nathan went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then, Elizabeth and Jonathan were working at the house. Jonathan decided to give a ring to Justin
Then James and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and James gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Erin and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Aaron
Then Kevin and Jeffrey were working at the school, and Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Bradley and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to Katie
Then, Lauren and Christina had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then Jacob and Kevin had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jacob gave a necklace to Kenneth
Then, Brittany and Kelly had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Katherine
Afterwards, Mark and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Dustin and Katherine were thinking about going to the school. Katherine wanted to give a drink to Bryan
Then, Vanessa and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Vanessa and Danielle were thinking about going to the store. Vanessa wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then, Megan and Stephen were working at the house. Stephen decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then, Ryan and Courtney went to the store. Ryan gave a necklace to Christine
After the lunch, Sean and Megan went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Joseph and Amanda were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Heather
The local big garden Ashley and Andrew went to had a computer. Ashley gave it to Erin
Then, Erica and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Angela
Then Angela and Joshua had a lot of fun at the store, and Joshua gave a drink to Eric
Then, Erica and Elizabeth were working at the restaurant. Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Christina
When soon afterwards Angela and Samantha got a necklace at the garden, Angela decided to give it to Travis
Then, Sean and Alicia were thinking about going to the hospital. Alicia wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then, Lindsay and Brian had a lot of fun at the store. Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Then, Angela and Stephen had a long argument and after that Angela said to Lauren
Then Amanda and Andrea had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Jason
Then Gregory and Bradley had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then William and Jonathan were thinking about going to the school, and Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
Then Vanessa and Katie had a lot of fun at the station, and Katie gave a ring to Michelle
The local big school Danielle and Erin went to had a bone. Danielle gave it to Ashley
Afterwards, David and Samantha went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Kyle and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kyle gave a drink to Lisa
Then Tiffany and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then Gregory and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Timothy
Then David and Vanessa went to the restaurant, and David gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Alicia and Travis had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Travis gave a snack to Vanessa
Then, Lisa and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house. Kimberly gave a ring to Erica
After the lunch in the afternoon, Erica and Shannon went to the school. Erica gave a snack to Daniel
Then Brandon and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Jose
Then Tyler and Mark were working at the garden, and Mark decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then, Bryan and Megan were working at the garden. Megan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then Allison and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Joseph
Then Jeremy and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Lisa and Katherine had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Daniel
Then Lisa and Rachel were working at the store, and Rachel decided to give a computer to David
Then Brandon and Jessica had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Erica
Then, Emily and Andrew had a long argument and after that Andrew said to Erica
Then, Nicholas and Charles had a lot of fun at the school. Charles gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Shannon and Jose had a lot of fun at the hospital. Shannon gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then Christina and Benjamin were working at the school, and Christina decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Nicole and Jason were working at the hospital, and Jason decided to give a ring to Michael
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Bryan had a lot of fun at the station. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Robert and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to William
Then Kenneth and Ashley were working at the station, and Ashley decided to give a drink to Erin
Then, Jason and Kelly had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Megan
Then Scott and Alicia were working at the school, and Alicia decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then, Alexander and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a kiss to Kristen
Afterwards, William and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, Justin and Allison were thinking about going to the house. Allison wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Afterwards, Rachel and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to Kenneth
Afterwards Kenneth and Michael went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch Elizabeth and Nicole went to the school, and Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Megan and Jesse had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Andrew
Then Lindsay and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Mark
Then Michelle and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Timothy
Afterwards, Robert and Stephanie went to the house. Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Nicole and Jesse were working at the house, and Nicole decided to give a ring to Jamie
After the lunch, Amber and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a ring to Jonathan
After the lunch Kristen and Christina went to the office, and Kristen gave a computer to Kelly
Then Adam and Nathan were working at the garden, and Adam decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Kristen and Shannon were working at the office. Kristen decided to give a ring to Amber
After the lunch Jose and Justin went to the restaurant, and Justin gave a kiss to Travis
After the lunch, Gregory and Alexander went to the station. Gregory gave a bone to Steven
After the lunch John and Megan went to the garden, and John gave a drink to Melissa
Afterwards, while spending time together Angela and Amber went to the hospital. Angela gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Dustin and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Mary and Courtney were working at the office. Mary decided to give a computer to Paul
Then, Vanessa and Katherine were thinking about going to the garden. Katherine wanted to give a kiss to Justin
Afterwards Brittany and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Kelly
Then in the morning, Jamie and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Mary
The local big house Jamie and Brian went to had a kiss. Jamie gave it to Kimberly
Then, Erica and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Stephanie
Then, Travis and Tyler were thinking about going to the office. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Then Christopher and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Samuel
Then David and Nicholas went to the office, and Nicholas gave a computer to Nathan
After the lunch Amber and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Charles and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the school. Charles gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Aaron and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a basketball to Scott
Then Vanessa and Bradley had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Katie
Then, Anthony and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then Aaron and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Sean
Afterwards Heather and Patrick went to the garden, and Patrick gave a snack to Daniel
Then, Gregory and Rebecca were working at the school. Rebecca decided to give a necklace to Thomas
Then, Sean and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Steven and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to Shannon
Then Ryan and Richard had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Christopher
Then Brian and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Justin
Then, Erin and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then Rachel and John had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Kyle
Then Kelly and Christina were working at the school, and Kelly decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Then Bryan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the office, and Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Kimberly
Then, Adam and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Christina
After the lunch, Patrick and Rebecca went to the station. Rebecca gave a necklace to Stephanie
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ashley and Amy went to the school. Ashley gave a basketball to Kenneth
Afterwards, Benjamin and Kevin went to the hospital. Benjamin gave a computer to Katie
Then, Richard and Christine had a long argument and after that Christine said to Alexander
Then Michelle and Stephanie were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Laura
While spending time together Kimberly and Thomas were commuting to the hospital, Kimberly gave a drink to Kristen
Afterwards Travis and Nicole went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a drink to Richard
Then Lisa and Robert were thinking about going to the office, and Robert wanted to give a bone to James
Afterwards, while spending time together Steven and Courtney went to the store. Steven gave a ring to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Kevin and Ashley went to the station. Kevin gave a computer to Kelly
Then Mary and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Kenneth
Then Timothy and Adam were thinking about going to the station, and Timothy wanted to give a computer to Jason
Afterwards, while spending time together Samantha and Timothy went to the garden. Samantha gave a basketball to Adam
Then, Daniel and Vanessa went to the house. Daniel gave a ring to Alicia
Then Sara and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Jamie and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Jeffrey
Then, Bryan and Brandon were working at the office. Brandon decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Jamie went to the office. Jennifer gave a necklace to Amber
Then Samantha and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Bryan
Then, Bryan and Alicia were thinking about going to the station. Alicia wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
Then, Melissa and Jeffrey were working at the hospital. Melissa decided to give a drink to Stephen
After the lunch Sean and Rebecca went to the station, and Sean gave a necklace to Sara
After the lunch Brandon and Cody went to the school, and Cody gave a bone to Robert
Then Crystal and Daniel went to the house, and Daniel gave a snack to Timothy
Then, Patrick and Nicole had a lot of fun at the store. Patrick gave a snack to Vanessa
Then Charles and Cody were working at the garden, and Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
After the lunch, Rebecca and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a necklace to Sara
Then Samantha and Andrea had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Nathan
Then, Bradley and Bryan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Bryan gave a bone to William
Then in the morning, Dustin and Kevin went to the house. Dustin gave a snack to Mark
When soon afterwards Samantha and Melissa got a drink at the garden, Samantha decided to give the drink to Jonathan
Then, Emily and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Emily said to Ryan
Then Sara and Sarah went to the hospital, and Sarah gave a ring to Brittany
Then Benjamin and Sean were thinking about going to the store, and Sean wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then, Cody and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Tyler
While spending time together Alexander and Emily were commuting to the garden, Alexander gave a necklace to Kelly
Then, Cody and Amanda were working at the hospital. Amanda decided to give a basketball to Paul
After taking a long break Kelly and Crystal went to the garden, Kelly gave a basketball to Brittany
Then Ashley and Vanessa went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a ring to Lindsey
Then, Charles and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Charles said to Rachel
Then Christine and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Stephanie
Then Crystal and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Bradley
Then Patrick and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Eric
Then in the morning afterwards, Emily and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Ashley
Then, Andrew and Jose had a lot of fun at the garden. Jose gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Eric and Michelle went to the hospital. Eric gave a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch, Amanda and Alexander went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards Katie and Kevin went to the hospital, and Katie gave a bone to Jeremy
After the lunch Rachel and Kelly went to the restaurant, and Kelly gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Jason and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a drink to Jessica
Then Erica and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Ryan gave a ring to Bryan
Then, Cody and Charles were working at the garden. Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then, Sara and Travis had a long argument and after that Travis said to Christopher
After the lunch, Michelle and Mary went to the garden. Mary gave a bone to Bryan
Then, Sarah and Michelle went to the garden. Sarah gave a drink to Joshua
Then Andrea and Lindsay were thinking about going to the office, and Lindsay wanted to give a basketball to Nathan
Then, Heather and Jacob went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a snack to Mary
Then, Samuel and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards Anthony and Cody went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then Mark and Amy had a lot of fun at the office, and Amy gave a bone to Amber
After the lunch in the afternoon, Emily and Brandon went to the station. Emily gave a drink to Tiffany
Then, Bradley and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then, Eric and Nicole were working at the school. Eric decided to give a computer to Angela
Then, Megan and Kelly were thinking about going to the hospital. Megan wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Then, John and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the store. John gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Jamie and Benjamin went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch, Erica and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a computer to Christine
Then Jonathan and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a drink to Laura
Afterwards Katherine and Gregory went to the garden, and Katherine gave a basketball to Melissa
After the lunch Scott and Ashley went to the school, and Scott gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards James and Joseph went to the office, and Joseph gave a basketball to Sara
Then Jose and Andrew had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jose gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Aaron and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a ring to Erin
Then, Katie and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Cody and Jacob were working at the hospital, and Jacob decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
After the lunch Shannon and Amy went to the garden, and Amy gave a kiss to Jason
After the lunch William and Andrew went to the station, and William gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Jennifer and Kristen were working at the store, and Kristen decided to give a snack to Lisa
Afterwards Dustin and Kenneth went to the station, and Kenneth gave a bone to Cody
Then, Stephanie and Matthew had a long argument and after that Matthew said to Travis
Then, Daniel and Kelly were working at the garden. Kelly decided to give a drink to Angela
Then in the morning, Angela and Joshua went to the hospital. Angela gave a ring to Brian
Then in the morning, Tyler and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Travis
Then, David and Jesse went to the house. David gave a drink to Daniel
Then, Stephanie and Samuel were thinking about going to the school. Samuel wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then, Kenneth and Kelly had a lot of fun at the house. Kelly gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Lindsey and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Shannon
Then, James and Katherine had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Nicholas
Then Sean and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station, and Sean gave a necklace to Mary
Then Stephen and Amy were working at the restaurant, and Stephen decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Jose and Jason had a long argument and after that Jason said to Lindsay
Then, Jose and Amber were thinking about going to the garden. Jose wanted to give a computer to Paul
Afterwards, Mary and Jamie went to the station. Jamie gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Ashley and Mary were thinking about going to the restaurant. Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then Mary and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Mark
Then, Scott and Eric had a lot of fun at the house. Eric gave a ring to Gregory
After the lunch Stephen and Tyler went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
After the lunch Brittany and Megan went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Cody and Adam went to the store, and Cody gave a drink to Laura
Then, Courtney and Jamie had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Mary
Afterwards, Stephen and Tiffany went to the station. Stephen gave a drink to Jacob
Then Rachel and John were working at the garden, and Rachel decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then, Sara and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
After the lunch, James and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a basketball to Kevin
After the lunch Ryan and Sean went to the hospital, and Sean gave a bone to Christina
Then Benjamin and Christina were working at the school, and Christina decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Christine and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Tyler
After the lunch, Benjamin and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Kelly and William had a lot of fun at the school. Kelly gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Stephen and Christina were thinking about going to the office. Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then Vanessa and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the school, and Vanessa gave a snack to Thomas
Then Katie and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that Elizabeth said to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a bone to Jennifer
Afterwards, Kevin and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a bone to Jeremy
When soon afterwards Gregory and Lauren got a kiss at the hospital, Gregory decided to give the kiss to Cody
Then, Sean and Daniel were thinking about going to the store. Sean wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Afterwards Kelly and David went to the hospital, and David gave a drink to Sara
Then, Stephanie and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Lindsey
Then Rebecca and Mary had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Patrick
Then, Andrew and Rachel were thinking about going to the store. Rachel wanted to give a drink to Charles
Then Kelly and Courtney went to the store, and Courtney gave a snack to Katie
The local big station James and Jeremy went to had a ring. James gave it to Thomas
Afterwards, Travis and Erica went to the office. Erica gave a ring to Bryan
The local big hospital Kyle and John went to had a computer. Kyle gave it to Michelle
Afterwards, Lindsey and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a kiss to Lisa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Nathan went to the station. Vanessa gave a ring to Angela
Then Matthew and James had a long argument, and after that James said to David
Then Ryan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store, and Ryan wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
Then Stephanie and William went to the house, and Stephanie gave a drink to Thomas
Then Laura and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Alexander
Then, Shannon and Gregory were working at the store. Gregory decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then, Amber and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant. Amber wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Afterwards Amber and Brandon went to the restaurant, and Amber gave a bone to Courtney
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicole and Vanessa went to the hospital. Nicole gave a necklace to Amy
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Alicia were working at the office. Jeremy decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then, Timothy and Ryan were working at the house. Timothy decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Nicholas and Lisa went to the school, and Lisa gave a bone to Jonathan
Then, Andrea and Kelly were thinking about going to the store. Kelly wanted to give a bone to Samuel
While spending time together Travis and Erin were commuting to the store, Travis gave a bone to Christopher
Then in the morning, Joshua and Brian went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a snack to Patrick
Then Elizabeth and William had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to James
Then, Jonathan and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Ryan
Then Samuel and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Charles
Then William and Lindsay were working at the house, and Lindsay decided to give a ring to Adam
Then, Jonathan and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to David
Then Brandon and Travis were working at the office, and Travis decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then Aaron and Crystal were thinking about going to the school, and Crystal wanted to give a kiss to Christine
After the lunch in the afternoon, John and Bryan went to the school. John gave a bone to Kyle
Then Katherine and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Daniel
Then in the morning, John and Gregory were thinking about going to the garden. John wanted to give a drink to Kevin
Afterwards, while spending time together Angela and Eric went to the hospital. Angela gave a snack to David
Then, Aaron and Steven went to the station. Steven gave a computer to Christina
Then, Amber and Jose were thinking about going to the garden. Jose wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then, Alicia and Erin went to the station. Alicia gave a drink to Kristen
Then Alicia and John were working at the school, and John decided to give a bone to Jose
Then Tiffany and Richard were working at the school, and Richard decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then Joseph and Jessica were thinking about going to the garden, and Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
Then, Michael and Patrick were working at the store. Patrick decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Jose and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Lindsay
While spending time together Tyler and Jessica were working at the hospital, Tyler gave a basketball to John
Afterwards, Tiffany and Courtney went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
After the lunch Timothy and Kenneth went to the school, and Kenneth gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Timothy and Allison had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Michelle
Then, Richard and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Afterwards William and Crystal went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch Benjamin and Mark went to the station, and Mark gave a computer to Nicole
Then Jesse and Allison had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Angela
Then Kelly and Daniel were working at the garden, and Kelly decided to give a drink to Angela
Then Amy and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then, Michael and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Jennifer and Kristen were working at the house, and Kristen decided to give a computer to Amy
After the lunch, Ryan and Rebecca went to the garden. Rebecca gave a drink to Michelle
Then in the morning, Michelle and Amber had a lot of fun at the school. Michelle gave a drink to Bryan
Then Jason and Christine were working at the store, and Christine decided to give a ring to Paul
Afterwards, Kevin and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
The local big garden Kyle and Kristen went to had a kiss. Kyle gave it to Jeremy
After the lunch Cody and Brandon went to the school, and Cody gave a bone to Robert
Then Joseph and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a ring to Cody
Then Lisa and Sara had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Joseph
Then, Jeremy and Vanessa were working at the garden. Vanessa decided to give a drink to Benjamin
After taking a long break Ashley and Anthony went to the school, Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Then Tyler and Katie went to the restaurant, and Katie gave a computer to Angela
Then, Jeremy and Sara went to the office. Jeremy gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, John and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Kyle
Then Alicia and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and Alicia gave a drink to Stephen
Then Elizabeth and Kelly went to the school, and Kelly gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Crystal and Alexander had a lot of fun at the school. Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
After the lunch Jeremy and Katherine went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then in the morning, Matthew and Heather went to the station. Matthew gave a drink to Brittany
Then in the morning, Michael and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, James and Kimberly were working at the garden. James decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Then Jose and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Patrick
After the lunch, Katherine and Erin went to the house. Katherine gave a drink to Stephanie
Then Allison and Shannon were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Shannon wanted to give a necklace to Charles
Then, Brittany and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Steven
After taking a long break Paul and Joseph went to the garden, Paul gave a bone to Andrew
Then Andrea and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Timothy
Afterwards, Tiffany and Kelly went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Brian and Tyler had a lot of fun at the school. Tyler gave a ring to Anthony
Afterwards, Brian and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a ring to Lindsay
Then Elizabeth and Stephanie were thinking about going to the garden, and Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then, Benjamin and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Lisa
Then, Jonathan and Michelle had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michelle gave a drink to Jennifer
Then, Joshua and Heather went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Matthew and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then in the morning, Brittany and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a kiss to Charles
Then Christopher and David had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
The local big garden Angela and Brian went to had a drink. Angela gave it to Brandon
Then, Mark and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Danielle
After taking a long break Nathan and Brandon went to the house, Nathan gave a drink to Katherine
Then, Rebecca and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Allison said to Travis
Then Justin and Jesse went to the store, and Jesse gave a ring to Gregory
Then Bryan and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Joseph
Then Kenneth and Lindsey were working at the restaurant, and Kenneth decided to give a ring to Samantha
Afterwards, Aaron and Bradley went to the school. Aaron gave a drink to Nicole
Afterwards, Lauren and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a snack to Michael
After the lunch John and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Joseph and Lisa were thinking about going to the garden. Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then Jeffrey and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Brian
Then, Elizabeth and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Thomas and Jessica went to the house, and Jessica gave a ring to Vanessa
Then Jeremy and Vanessa were working at the garden, and Vanessa decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Courtney and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Dustin
Then Brandon and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Afterwards Jeffrey and Brian went to the restaurant, and Jeffrey gave a drink to Jesse
Afterwards Charles and Bradley went to the station, and Charles gave a basketball to Danielle
Afterwards, Travis and Lauren went to the house. Travis gave a necklace to Gregory
Then Samantha and John were thinking about going to the hospital, and John wanted to give a drink to Sara
After taking a long break Benjamin and Adam went to the restaurant, Benjamin gave a computer to Brittany
When soon afterwards Brian and Joseph got a snack at the garden, Brian decided to give it to Jennifer
Afterwards Angela and Robert went to the office, and Angela gave a ring to Sean
Afterwards Christine and Jamie went to the house, and Jamie gave a bone to Jose
Afterwards, Jonathan and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a snack to Gregory
Then Patrick and Michael were working at the store, and Patrick decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Benjamin and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Jason and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Then Jesse and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Matthew and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Lindsey
Then, Erin and Justin were thinking about going to the hospital. Justin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then Joshua and Allison went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a computer to John
After the lunch, Tiffany and Thomas went to the store. Tiffany gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, Christina and Samantha had a long argument and after that Christina said to Brittany
Afterwards Jeremy and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
Then Sara and Paul were working at the school, and Paul decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Crystal and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Shannon and Kenneth went to the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Paul
Then Stephen and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Michael
Then, Kimberly and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Jonathan
Then, Samuel and Erica had a long argument and after that Erica said to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Charles and Crystal went to the garden. Charles gave a drink to Laura
Then, Aaron and Brandon went to the store. Aaron gave a ring to Eric
After the lunch, Andrea and Samuel went to the hospital. Andrea gave a drink to Erin
Then Christopher and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Richard
Then Matthew and Amanda were thinking about going to the office, and Matthew wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then William and Richard went to the garden, and William gave a computer to Stephen
Then in the morning, Melissa and Mark went to the station. Melissa gave a necklace to Nicole
Then in the morning, Kristen and Patrick were thinking about going to the school. Kristen wanted to give a basketball to Steven
Afterwards, Eric and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a snack to Kyle
Then Steven and Michelle were working at the house, and Michelle decided to give a bone to Cody
Then, Jennifer and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Melissa
Then David and Lindsay went to the store, and Lindsay gave a computer to Michael
Afterwards Anthony and Amanda went to the school, and Anthony gave a computer to Brian
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Crystal were working at the restaurant. Kimberly decided to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Tiffany and Daniel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Daniel gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards Jonathan and Anthony went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Lindsey and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Jacob
Then in the morning, Amanda and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Gregory and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the office, and Kimberly gave a bone to Nathan
Then Tiffany and Bryan were working at the house, and Bryan decided to give a necklace to Danielle
After the lunch Angela and Bryan went to the hospital, and Bryan gave a kiss to Rachel
Then, Amanda and Jesse went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Adam and Joshua were working at the store. Joshua decided to give a snack to Anthony
Then, David and Rachel had a long argument and after that David said to Rebecca
Then, Tiffany and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Michelle and Timothy went to the house. Michelle gave a bone to Brittany
Then Michelle and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Samantha
After the lunch Lauren and John went to the store, and John gave a snack to Rebecca
Then David and Bryan were working at the hospital, and Bryan decided to give a snack to Joseph
Then Mary and Shannon went to the hospital, and Mary gave a necklace to Bryan
Afterwards, while spending time together Laura and Nicole went to the office. Laura gave a ring to Christopher
Then Anthony and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michael gave a bone to Emily
Afterwards, Joshua and John went to the hospital. Joshua gave a basketball to Bryan
Then Jeremy and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the store, and Jeremy gave a snack to Jacob
Then, Anthony and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Aaron
Then, Allison and Justin had a lot of fun at the school. Justin gave a ring to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Brian and David were thinking about going to the garden. Brian wanted to give a snack to Stephen
Then in the morning, William and David were thinking about going to the restaurant. William wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Robert and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Charles
Then in the morning afterwards, Rebecca and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Michelle
Then in the morning, Travis and Benjamin were working at the store. Travis decided to give a kiss to James
Then Shannon and Scott had a lot of fun at the house, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then, Samuel and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Charles
Then Adam and Michelle were thinking about going to the store, and Adam wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then, Andrea and James had a lot of fun at the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then Brandon and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Kimberly
While spending time together Jacob and William were working at the store, Jacob gave a bone to Anthony
When soon afterwards Jessica and Nicholas got a necklace at the restaurant, Jessica decided to give the necklace to Stephen
Then, Michelle and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michelle gave a drink to Jennifer
After the lunch Jesse and Megan went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Thomas
Then, Mark and Alexander had a long argument and after that Mark said to Lauren
Then, Brittany and James had a lot of fun at the school. James gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Samantha and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Amanda
Then, David and Timothy were thinking about going to the office. Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
After the lunch, Rachel and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a necklace to Sean
Then, Nicholas and Kevin had a lot of fun at the school. Kevin gave a necklace to Adam
Then in the morning, Shannon and Jesse went to the station. Shannon gave a necklace to Michael
Then David and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Allison had a lot of fun at the store. Rebecca gave a computer to Jessica
Then, Eric and Shannon went to the store. Eric gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Matthew and Jeremy were thinking about going to the garden. Jeremy wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then Kyle and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house, and Kyle gave a bone to Katie
Then, Bryan and Ashley were working at the office. Bryan decided to give a snack to Jacob
After the lunch Paul and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Paul and Jacob were thinking about going to the school. Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
Then in the morning, Emily and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Megan
While spending time together Andrea and Christina were working at the station, Andrea gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Aaron and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Richard
After the lunch Thomas and Adam went to the store, and Thomas gave a drink to Kyle
Then, Alicia and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a snack to Joseph
Then Steven and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Shannon
Then Shannon and Kyle were working at the station, and Kyle decided to give a computer to Christina
When soon afterwards Kelly and Jamie got a basketball at the restaurant, Kelly decided to give it to Angela
Then Christine and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Benjamin
Then, William and Christina went to the school. William gave a drink to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Megan and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a basketball to Courtney
Then Kyle and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Matthew
Then Lisa and Tiffany were thinking about going to the garden, and Tiffany wanted to give a drink to Matthew
Then, Christine and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a drink to Mary
Then, Kristen and Michael were thinking about going to the school. Kristen wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Afterwards, Eric and Matthew went to the hospital. Eric gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Steven and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Nicole
After taking a long break Lisa and Bryan went to the office, Lisa gave a bone to Jeremy
After the lunch, Cody and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Travis and Laura were working at the house. Laura decided to give a necklace to Amanda
After the lunch Lindsay and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Afterwards Jose and Tiffany went to the station, and Tiffany gave a basketball to Christopher
After the lunch, Christina and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a ring to Crystal
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Jacob got a necklace at the hospital, Lindsey decided to give it to Gregory
Afterwards Jesse and Jeffrey went to the house, and Jeffrey gave a necklace to Bradley
Then, Kyle and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Gregory
While spending time together Lauren and Christina were commuting to the hospital, Lauren gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Brittany and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Jonathan
Then, Angela and Amber were working at the school. Angela decided to give a basketball to Brandon
The local big restaurant Christopher and Danielle went to had a snack. Christopher gave it to Michael
Then Katie and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Nicole
Then Joseph and Lindsey were working at the hospital, and Joseph decided to give a necklace to Robert
Then Christina and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to Rachel
Then Tyler and Christopher went to the office, and Christopher gave a ring to Lauren
Then in the morning, David and Michael were thinking about going to the store. David wanted to give a computer to Kristen
Then Samuel and Jessica went to the garden, and Samuel gave a ring to Mark
Then, Katherine and Laura had a lot of fun at the house. Laura gave a drink to Kevin
Then Jennifer and Joseph had a long argument, and after that Joseph said to Stephen
Then Ashley and Erin went to the school, and Erin gave a kiss to Stephen
Afterwards, Jeremy and Gregory went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
Then Travis and Jeremy were thinking about going to the store, and Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Jacob and Alicia were working at the office. Alicia decided to give a bone to John
Then, Mary and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a computer to Amy
Afterwards Emily and David went to the store, and Emily gave a bone to Gregory
Then Jessica and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden, and Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
Then, James and Andrea had a long argument and after that James said to Jessica
Then, Rachel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the house. Rachel gave a basketball to Brian
Then Allison and Danielle went to the hospital, and Allison gave a basketball to Megan
Then William and Katie were thinking about going to the garden, and Katie wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then Vanessa and Scott had a lot of fun at the station, and Scott gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Laura and Jamie were working at the house. Jamie decided to give a basketball to Heather
While spending time together James and Lindsay were working at the station, James gave a computer to Patrick
Then, Jamie and Crystal were working at the hospital. Crystal decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Megan and Brian were working at the station, and Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then, Samuel and Jessica went to the garden. Samuel gave a ring to Mark
Afterwards, Lisa and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a drink to Angela
Afterwards David and Kelly went to the hospital, and David gave a drink to Sara
After the lunch, Christina and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Sara and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital. Sara wanted to give a kiss to Steven
While spending time together Erica and Andrew were working at the office, Erica gave a necklace to Bryan
After the lunch Erin and Nicole went to the house, and Erin gave a bone to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Sara and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Crystal
Then, Lindsey and Alexander had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Courtney
Then, Nathan and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Benjamin said to Kelly
Then, Tyler and Eric had a long argument and after that Eric said to Timothy
Then Brittany and James had a lot of fun at the school, and James gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Ashley and Patrick were thinking about going to the office. Patrick wanted to give a ring to Gregory
After the lunch in the afternoon, Courtney and Nicholas went to the store. Courtney gave a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, Eric and Rebecca went to the hospital. Eric gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Danielle and David had a long argument, and after that David said to Lindsay
Afterwards Lindsey and Justin went to the garden, and Lindsey gave a necklace to Nicholas
After the lunch Joshua and Sara went to the office, and Sara gave a drink to Justin
Afterwards, Jonathan and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to Paul
Then Christine and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Joseph
Then Melissa and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden, and Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Bryan and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a basketball to Amy
After the lunch Heather and Christine went to the hospital, and Heather gave a necklace to Christina
Afterwards, Mary and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Lindsey and Mark had a long argument and after that Mark said to Dustin
Afterwards, Samuel and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a necklace to Danielle
Afterwards, David and Timothy went to the store. Timothy gave a drink to Emily
The local big station Sara and Samuel went to had a snack. Sara gave it to Amy
Then Joseph and Cody had a lot of fun at the garden, and Cody gave a bone to Rebecca
When soon afterwards Amber and Michelle got a bone at the office, Amber decided to give it to Emily
Then Laura and Andrew had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Laura gave a computer to Emily
Then Mary and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Kelly
Then Andrew and Jamie went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch, Bradley and Heather went to the station. Bradley gave a computer to Sarah
Then, Dustin and Sarah had a long argument and after that Sarah said to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Ryan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Kenneth gave a bone to Angela
Then Jose and Brittany were working at the restaurant, and Brittany decided to give a drink to Eric
Afterwards Kristen and John went to the hospital, and John gave a drink to Mary
Afterwards, while spending time together Steven and Alexander went to the school. Steven gave a ring to Bradley
Then, Stephen and Stephanie were thinking about going to the school. Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
Then, Dustin and Charles were working at the hospital. Charles decided to give a bone to Jennifer
Then Steven and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the station, and Benjamin gave a ring to Courtney
After the lunch, Jacob and Eric went to the house. Jacob gave a drink to Thomas
Then Dustin and Angela had a lot of fun at the house, and Angela gave a ring to Lindsey
While spending time together Lauren and Stephanie were commuting to the hospital, Lauren gave a necklace to Kenneth
While spending time together Michelle and Kevin were working at the house, Michelle gave a ring to Aaron
Then Anthony and Laura went to the garden, and Laura gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards Jose and David went to the restaurant, and David gave a bone to Alexander
Then, Bryan and David were working at the hospital. Bryan decided to give a snack to Joseph
After the lunch, Shannon and William went to the office. Shannon gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Paul and Stephanie were thinking about going to the store. Paul wanted to give a ring to Justin
Then Brandon and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Charles
Then Amy and Stephen were working at the restaurant, and Stephen decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then Courtney and Daniel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Courtney gave a necklace to Melissa
Then Rebecca and Kenneth were thinking about going to the store, and Kenneth wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then Joseph and Rebecca went to the school, and Rebecca gave a bone to Jamie
Then Kyle and Adam had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Emily and Stephanie went to the hospital. Emily gave a drink to Tiffany
Then, Kimberly and James were working at the garden. James decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Afterwards, while spending time together Melissa and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a kiss to Michelle
Then Jessica and Katherine were thinking about going to the office, and Katherine wanted to give a kiss to Kyle
Then in the morning, Ashley and Christine had a lot of fun at the house. Ashley gave a computer to Erica
Afterwards, Anthony and Jonathan went to the hospital. Anthony gave a necklace to Jesse
Afterwards, Brandon and Kimberly went to the store. Kimberly gave a kiss to Kelly
Then Kelly and Crystal were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Kelly wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Then in the morning, Gregory and Jeremy went to the store. Gregory gave a necklace to Dustin
Then, Aaron and Crystal were thinking about going to the school. Crystal wanted to give a kiss to Christine
After the lunch, Stephen and Jason went to the school. Stephen gave a computer to David
Then Alexander and Katie had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Erica
Then Jonathan and Michelle had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Michelle gave a drink to Jennifer
Then Kyle and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Steven
Then Sara and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Alicia
After the lunch, Benjamin and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a computer to Nicole
After the lunch, Katie and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Nicholas
Afterwards Jonathan and Brandon went to the school, and Brandon gave a snack to Gregory
Afterwards Kyle and Cody went to the station, and Cody gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then Timothy and Lindsey were thinking about going to the office, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Megan
Then, Katherine and Adam were thinking about going to the hospital. Katherine wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then, John and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Kristen and Elizabeth went to the office, and Elizabeth gave a computer to John
Then, Kevin and Adam had a long argument and after that Kevin said to Alexander
Then Thomas and Michael had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Adam and Stephen were working at the office. Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then, Emily and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Tiffany
Then, Katie and Danielle had a lot of fun at the school. Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards, while spending time together Katherine and James went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a computer to Sean
Then Brittany and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden, and Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Ryan
Afterwards Kimberly and Brandon went to the store, and Kimberly gave a kiss to Kelly
While spending time together Andrea and Jennifer were working at the store, Andrea gave a kiss to Megan
Then Sara and Jason were thinking about going to the station, and Sara wanted to give a bone to Michael
Then Michelle and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Michelle gave a drink to Jennifer
Then, Jamie and Amy had a long argument and after that Amy said to Melissa
Then, Joseph and Matthew had a lot of fun at the school. Matthew gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then John and Alexander had a long argument, and after that John said to Joshua
Afterwards, Robert and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then, Kyle and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden. Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Lisa and Tiffany were thinking about going to the garden. Tiffany wanted to give a drink to Matthew
Then in the morning, Nicole and Michelle were working at the house. Nicole decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then Scott and Patrick were working at the hospital, and Patrick decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Danielle went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Benjamin and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Eric
Afterwards, while spending time together Kenneth and Dustin went to the house. Kenneth gave a ring to Ryan
The local big house Daniel and Joseph went to had a computer. Daniel gave it to Jose
Then, Nicole and Justin had a long argument and after that Justin said to Daniel
While spending time together Richard and Jacob were working at the office, Richard gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then Crystal and Heather went to the store, and Heather gave a ring to Jonathan
Afterwards Charles and Kimberly went to the store, and Charles gave a basketball to Mark
Then in the morning, Bradley and Charles were thinking about going to the restaurant. Bradley wanted to give a ring to Brandon
Then James and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Jeremy
Then, Jacob and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Charles
Then, Thomas and Jessica went to the house. Jessica gave a ring to Vanessa
Then Lindsey and Allison had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Melissa
After the lunch, Paul and Gregory went to the restaurant. Paul gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Sean and Benjamin were thinking about going to the store. Sean wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then Jason and Daniel were thinking about going to the school, and Daniel wanted to give a kiss to Richard
Then Megan and Stephen were working at the house, and Stephen decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then Amy and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Kevin
Then, Rachel and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Ashley
When soon afterwards Alicia and Kyle got a drink at the store, Alicia decided to give the drink to Samantha
Then Katherine and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Rebecca
Then Adam and Laura went to the restaurant, and Laura gave a snack to Kevin
Then in the morning, Christopher and Brian were thinking about going to the store. Christopher wanted to give a basketball to Cody
After the lunch, John and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
While spending time together Amanda and Jose were commuting to the restaurant, Amanda gave a drink to Vanessa
Then, Joshua and Charles were working at the house. Joshua decided to give a basketball to Alexander
Then, Stephen and Megan were working at the house. Stephen decided to give a computer to Andrew
While spending time together Alicia and Laura were working at the office, Alicia gave a bone to Katherine
Then, Joshua and Richard were working at the station. Richard decided to give a snack to Adam
Then, Samuel and Mary went to the hospital. Mary gave a ring to Jacob
When soon afterwards Kyle and Emily got a snack at the house, Kyle decided to give it to Tiffany
Then, James and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. James gave a necklace to Kyle
Then in the morning, Matthew and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Travis
Then, Lisa and Melissa were thinking about going to the school. Melissa wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then, Rebecca and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the store. Jeremy gave a snack to Jacob
After the lunch, Bradley and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a ring to Sara
Then, Brittany and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden. Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Ryan
Then, Jose and Brittany were working at the restaurant. Brittany decided to give a drink to Eric
Then Allison and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden, and Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Amber and Mark were working at the school. Amber decided to give a basketball to David
Then, Kristen and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden. Kristen wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Then, Andrew and Laura had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Laura gave a computer to Emily
Then, Jeffrey and Jason had a long argument and after that Jason said to Charles
Then Richard and Kimberly were working at the hospital, and Richard decided to give a snack to Emily
After the lunch Timothy and Mary went to the store, and Mary gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Ryan and Sarah were thinking about going to the office. Sarah wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then in the morning, Crystal and Mark had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Andrea
Then John and Angela went to the house, and Angela gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Justin and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Kristen
Then Courtney and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Stephen
Then, Gregory and Mark were working at the office. Mark decided to give a ring to Charles
Then Jesse and Paul were working at the store, and Paul decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards Mary and Scott went to the office, and Scott gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Allison and Dustin went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Jacob were working at the station. Kenneth decided to give a necklace to Vanessa
Then, Anthony and Kelly went to the store. Anthony gave a basketball to Kyle
Then Gregory and Amanda were thinking about going to the house, and Gregory wanted to give a computer to Amber
Then Christine and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to John
Then, Bradley and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Ryan and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Justin
The local big hospital Katie and Jonathan went to had a computer. Katie gave it to Lindsay
Then Amanda and Joseph were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Heather
While spending time together Benjamin and Steven were commuting to the station, Benjamin gave a drink to Brandon
After taking a long break Christina and Elizabeth went to the hospital, Christina gave a necklace to Heather
After the lunch Nathan and Benjamin went to the store, and Nathan gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then, Lindsey and John had a lot of fun at the store. John gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Kelly and Megan were thinking about going to the hospital. Megan wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Afterwards, Crystal and Sara went to the store. Crystal gave a kiss to Allison
After the lunch, Jesse and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Thomas
Then, Christina and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Andrew
Then Jeremy and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Then, Thomas and Shannon had a lot of fun at the office. Thomas gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Jessica and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then Jason and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then, Jose and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Christina
Then, Amy and Joshua were working at the restaurant. Joshua decided to give a ring to Jacob
Then Rebecca and Angela were thinking about going to the school, and Angela wanted to give a drink to Samuel
Then Alexander and Jason had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alexander gave a bone to William
Then Daniel and Kelly were working at the garden, and Kelly decided to give a drink to Angela
Then, Ashley and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house. Tyler gave a computer to Tiffany
After the lunch in the afternoon, Alicia and Joshua went to the hospital. Alicia gave a kiss to Mark
Then, Matthew and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
After the lunch Alexander and Amanda went to the restaurant, and Amanda gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Angela and Lindsey were thinking about going to the station. Angela wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then Samantha and Jamie had a lot of fun at the house, and Samantha gave a bone to John
Then Matthew and Joseph had a lot of fun at the school, and Matthew gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Steven and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the station. Benjamin gave a ring to Courtney
Then, Jacob and Eric had a lot of fun at the garden. Eric gave a bone to Jesse
Then, Danielle and Katie had a lot of fun at the school. Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards John and Katherine went to the store, and Katherine gave a drink to David
While spending time together Jonathan and Heather were commuting to the school, Jonathan gave a basketball to Samantha
When soon afterwards Stephanie and Brittany got a necklace at the hospital, Stephanie decided to give the necklace to Alexander
Afterwards, Crystal and Brian went to the garden. Crystal gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards Dustin and Jason went to the station, and Dustin gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Erin and Alicia went to the station. Alicia gave a drink to Kristen
Then, Heather and Crystal went to the store. Heather gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Danielle and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Tyler
After the lunch, Lauren and Eric went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Afterwards, Amber and Patrick went to the station. Patrick gave a kiss to Brian
After taking a long break Shannon and Courtney went to the store, Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards Scott and Mary went to the office, and Scott gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Laura and Crystal were working at the station, and Crystal decided to give a kiss to Lindsay
Afterwards, Nathan and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to Mary
Then Michelle and Richard had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then, Jennifer and Lindsay had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then Samuel and Jennifer were working at the store, and Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then Joseph and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to David
After the lunch, James and David went to the garden. James gave a drink to Christina
Then Michelle and Lindsay went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a basketball to Angela
Then, Amanda and Matthew were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Afterwards, Emily and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a necklace to Bradley
After the lunch in the afternoon, Megan and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Megan gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Lauren and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Bryan
Then, Jason and Christine were working at the store. Christine decided to give a ring to Paul
Then Charles and Amanda went to the school, and Amanda gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Timothy and David had a long argument, and after that David said to Alexander
Then, Gregory and Alexander went to the school. Alexander gave a computer to John
Afterwards, while spending time together Elizabeth and Christine went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Amber
Then, Mary and Michelle had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Mark
Then, Kelly and Elizabeth went to the school. Kelly gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Lauren and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Lisa
After the lunch Jennifer and Christina went to the restaurant, and Jennifer gave a ring to Crystal
Then Jacob and Vanessa went to the hospital, and Jacob gave a ring to Adam
Then, Alicia and Kristen had a long argument and after that Alicia said to James
Afterwards Aaron and Samuel went to the garden, and Aaron gave a necklace to Danielle
After the lunch Tyler and Shannon went to the office, and Tyler gave a computer to Amy
Then Erica and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Angela
Then, Ashley and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Christopher and Sara were working at the store. Christopher decided to give a kiss to John
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Katie
After the lunch Sara and Brittany went to the garden, and Brittany gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards Kristen and Angela went to the office, and Angela gave a drink to Jamie
Then, Rebecca and James had a lot of fun at the garden. Rebecca gave a necklace to Amy
Afterwards, Amy and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a basketball to Christopher
Then in the morning, Tyler and Kyle went to the hospital. Tyler gave a snack to Nicole
Then, Brandon and Stephanie went to the hospital. Brandon gave a drink to Courtney
Then Brian and Kyle were working at the house, and Kyle decided to give a ring to David
Afterwards, Alicia and James went to the store. James gave a ring to Lauren
Then Steven and Angela were working at the restaurant, and Angela decided to give a ring to Scott
Afterwards, Samuel and Jessica went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Friends separated at birth Brandon and Bradley found a necklace at the station. Brandon gave it to Kimberly
Afterwards, Lindsey and Eric went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
After the lunch Robert and Bradley went to the station, and Robert gave a basketball to Patrick
Then Brittany and Brandon were thinking about going to the house, and Brittany wanted to give a computer to John
Afterwards Christopher and Brian went to the hospital, and Brian gave a bone to Daniel
Then Samuel and Allison had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Joseph
Then, Paul and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Justin
Then Lindsey and Angela were thinking about going to the station, and Angela wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then in the morning, Sean and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Sean gave a necklace to Mary
After the lunch, Ryan and Nathan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a bone to Danielle
Then, Lindsay and Christopher had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Samuel
Then, Nicole and Patrick had a lot of fun at the store. Patrick gave a snack to Vanessa
Then Timothy and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office, and Timothy gave a bone to Brian
After the lunch, Steven and Vanessa went to the hospital. Steven gave a necklace to Travis
Then Andrew and Sean went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Vanessa and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Jonathan
Then Sarah and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then in the morning, Bradley and Christine had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Bradley gave a basketball to Bryan
Then, Charles and Cody were working at the garden. Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then Amanda and Christina had a lot of fun at the store, and Christina gave a snack to Mary
When soon afterwards Scott and Erin got a ring at the garden, Scott decided to give it to Rebecca
Then Sean and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Travis wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Then Michelle and Richard went to the hospital, and Richard gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Amber and Kenneth were working at the school. Amber decided to give a basketball to David
Then Vanessa and Nathan were working at the station, and Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Ryan and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards Kelly and Tiffany went to the office, and Tiffany gave a drink to Stephen
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Brian were working at the hospital. Lindsey decided to give a ring to Katherine
Then, Rachel and John were working at the garden. Rachel decided to give a kiss to Nicole
After the lunch Amy and Jeremy went to the station, and Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then, Gregory and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Cody
Afterwards, Samantha and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a bone to Brandon
Then Heather and Allison had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Benjamin
Afterwards Emily and Kenneth went to the station, and Kenneth gave a snack to Robert
Then, Kenneth and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house. Bradley gave a bone to Brandon
Then Laura and Jamie were working at the house, and Jamie decided to give a basketball to Heather
Then Stephen and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Erica
Then Erica and Jonathan were thinking about going to the house, and Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Paul
Then Bradley and Heather had a lot of fun at the school, and Heather gave a bone to Crystal
Then David and Lauren were thinking about going to the restaurant, and David wanted to give a ring to Megan
Then Jessica and Matthew were working at the office, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Jennifer
Then, Eric and Tyler had a long argument and after that Eric said to Timothy
Then Kelly and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Christopher and Crystal got a kiss at the station, Christopher decided to give it to Jose
When soon afterwards Jose and Michael got a necklace at the school, Jose decided to give the necklace to Jason
Then Angela and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Rachel
Afterwards, Jason and Andrea went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to Anthony
Then, Timothy and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a basketball to Shannon
Afterwards, Matthew and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Andrea and Steven had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Katie
Then in the morning, Lisa and Charles were thinking about going to the store. Lisa wanted to give a ring to Alexander
Then Rachel and Lisa were working at the store, and Rachel decided to give a computer to David
Then, Christina and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a computer to Aaron
Then, Kelly and Christina were working at the school. Kelly decided to give a kiss to Aaron
After the lunch, Jessica and Bradley went to the store. Jessica gave a snack to Anthony
Then Christina and Angela went to the garden, and Angela gave a computer to Aaron
While spending time together Ryan and Allison were working at the house, Ryan gave a drink to Anthony
Then, Andrew and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Tyler and Shannon went to the office. Tyler gave a computer to Amy
Then Brandon and Sara had a lot of fun at the store, and Brandon gave a drink to Kelly
Afterwards Mary and Jamie went to the station, and Jamie gave a necklace to Christina
Friends separated at birth Nathan and Christina found a ring at the station. Nathan gave it to Kevin
Afterwards, Lindsay and Sara went to the school. Sara gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Andrea and Steven had a long argument and after that Steven said to Katie
Then, Christine and Bradley were working at the hospital. Christine decided to give a basketball to Courtney
Then Bryan and Allison had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Christine
Then Nicole and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
After the lunch Jessica and Courtney went to the store, and Jessica gave a basketball to Rebecca
Then Mary and Michael went to the store, and Michael gave a computer to Amy
Then Heather and Kevin went to the house, and Kevin gave a necklace to Jeremy
Then, Dustin and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Jonathan
Then Allison and Heather had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Benjamin
After the lunch Bradley and Michael went to the school, and Michael gave a ring to Kelly
Afterwards, Courtney and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Afterwards William and Alexander went to the store, and Alexander gave a necklace to Brian
Then Brandon and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Jennifer
Then, Jeffrey and Richard were working at the store. Richard decided to give a ring to David
Then in the morning, Richard and Sean went to the garden. Richard gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the house. Rebecca wanted to give a bone to Joshua
Then Courtney and Sarah had a lot of fun at the garden, and Courtney gave a snack to Timothy
Then, Rebecca and Joseph had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Jeffrey
After taking a long break Gregory and Courtney went to the station, Gregory gave a bone to Steven
Then, Kelly and Timothy were working at the hospital. Timothy decided to give a bone to Katherine
Then, Robert and Stephen had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Bradley
Then Anthony and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Christina
Then, Benjamin and Laura had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Alexander
After the lunch Alexander and Jessica went to the restaurant, and Jessica gave a ring to Kenneth
The local big restaurant Amber and Bryan went to had a bone. Amber gave it to Tiffany
Then, Tiffany and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Mary
After the lunch Jessica and Bradley went to the store, and Jessica gave a snack to Anthony
After the lunch, Thomas and Adam went to the store. Thomas gave a drink to Kyle
Then, Jeremy and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
Then, Aaron and Jacob had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Aaron gave a ring to Laura
Then, Amanda and Kelly were working at the restaurant. Kelly decided to give a kiss to Robert
Then, Michael and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Lindsay gave a bone to Benjamin
Afterwards, Steven and Charles went to the office. Steven gave a basketball to Samantha
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Jesse got a necklace at the store, Jeffrey decided to give it to Erin
While spending time together Rachel and Matthew were commuting to the hospital, Rachel gave a ring to Robert
Then, Lisa and Aaron went to the office. Lisa gave a kiss to Daniel
Then in the morning, Adam and Jason went to the store. Adam gave a kiss to Travis
Afterwards, Tiffany and Melissa went to the house. Melissa gave a kiss to Mark
Then in the morning, Thomas and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Kevin
Then, Alicia and Emily were thinking about going to the office. Emily wanted to give a kiss to Erica
While spending time together Robert and Emily were working at the school, Robert gave a drink to Nicholas
Then Kimberly and Andrew had a lot of fun at the store, and Andrew gave a bone to Samuel
After the lunch, Stephen and Sarah went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Laura and Thomas were working at the store. Thomas decided to give a drink to Erica
Then Jesse and Jamie were working at the garden, and Jamie decided to give a bone to Timothy
Then, Ryan and Justin were thinking about going to the school. Justin wanted to give a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Katherine and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Then Michelle and Adam were thinking about going to the store, and Adam wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then in the morning, Scott and Matthew had a lot of fun at the store. Scott gave a necklace to Lisa
Then Emily and David had a lot of fun at the school, and David gave a necklace to Nicholas
After the lunch, Laura and Kevin went to the house. Laura gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then Melissa and Christina were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Then in the morning, Allison and Aaron had a lot of fun at the school. Allison gave a ring to Angela
Then, Amber and Stephanie were thinking about going to the school. Amber wanted to give a bone to David
Then Tyler and Andrew went to the station, and Tyler gave a drink to Nathan
Then Stephanie and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Angela
Then Crystal and Lisa had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Lisa gave a ring to Kristen
Then, Brian and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brian gave a drink to Alexander
Then Joshua and Scott went to the house, and Joshua gave a necklace to Samuel
Then, Samuel and Megan had a long argument and after that Megan said to Dustin
Then, Megan and Brittany went to the garden. Megan gave a computer to Tyler
Then, Elizabeth and William had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to James
Then in the morning, Angela and Stephanie went to the school. Angela gave a computer to Crystal
Then, Kevin and Rachel were thinking about going to the school. Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
The local big store Stephanie and Sean went to had a snack. Stephanie gave it to Nicole
Then Lauren and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, Richard and Steven went to the office. Steven gave a necklace to Cody
Afterwards, Patrick and Robert went to the store. Robert gave a drink to Sara
Then, Erica and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Kevin
Afterwards, Crystal and Jamie went to the house. Crystal gave a kiss to Christina
Friends separated at birth Samuel and Sara found a necklace at the restaurant. Samuel gave it to Jacob
Afterwards Courtney and William went to the school, and William gave a necklace to Brandon
Afterwards Amanda and Anthony went to the school, and Anthony gave a computer to Brian
Then in the morning afterwards, Joseph and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Shannon
After the lunch Megan and John went to the garden, and John gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Samuel and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Samuel gave a snack to Timothy
Afterwards Kevin and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a basketball to Christopher
Then Jose and William had a lot of fun at the house, and William gave a ring to Adam
Then, Aaron and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Thomas gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, William and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school. Nathan gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch Megan and Richard went to the store, and Megan gave a bone to Mary
Then, Vanessa and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Justin
Then Nicole and Patrick had a lot of fun at the store, and Patrick gave a snack to Vanessa
After the lunch, Alexander and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a bone to Steven
Then, Bryan and Crystal went to the store. Bryan gave a basketball to Amber
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Adam were working at the store. Jeremy decided to give a drink to Rachel
Afterwards Eric and Tyler went to the office, and Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Mark and Angela had a lot of fun at the school. Angela gave a snack to Matthew
After the lunch Lindsay and Bryan went to the store, and Bryan gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Mark and Jesse were thinking about going to the school. Jesse wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then in the morning, Paul and Samantha went to the store. Paul gave a snack to Brittany
When soon afterwards Sara and Laura got a computer at the garden, Sara decided to give the computer to Michelle
While spending time together Adam and Laura were commuting to the hospital, Adam gave a kiss to Sara
Then, David and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant. John gave a basketball to Stephen
After the lunch, Justin and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a computer to Danielle
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Brittany were working at the station. Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Crystal and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Amber
Afterwards Brian and Crystal went to the garden, and Crystal gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrea and Benjamin went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Dustin and Amy were thinking about going to the hospital, and Dustin wanted to give a snack to Joseph
Then, Kelly and Samuel were working at the station. Kelly decided to give a kiss to David
Then, Nicole and Ashley were thinking about going to the house. Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
Afterwards, Kenneth and Dustin went to the station. Kenneth gave a bone to Cody
Then, Jose and Gregory were thinking about going to the store. Gregory wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Then, Allison and Lisa had a long argument and after that Allison said to Jesse
After the lunch Nicholas and Patrick went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Anthony and Christine had a lot of fun at the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to John
Afterwards Lisa and Sarah went to the office, and Sarah gave a drink to Angela
Then Brandon and Jonathan were working at the station, and Jonathan decided to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Erin and Nicholas had a long argument and after that Erin said to Katherine
After taking a long break Katie and Rebecca went to the office, Katie gave a basketball to Kristen
Then in the morning, Andrea and Tyler were thinking about going to the hospital. Andrea wanted to give a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Katherine and Erin went to the house, and Katherine gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Jessica and Brittany had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Heather
Afterwards Paul and Anthony went to the garden, and Paul gave a snack to Amy
Then Amber and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Benjamin
Then Travis and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Richard
Then, William and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Jose
Then in the morning, Katie and Brian had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a ring to Michelle
While spending time together Katie and Dustin were working at the store, Katie gave a snack to Christopher
Afterwards Rachel and Jeremy went to the station, and Jeremy gave a snack to Kenneth
Afterwards, while spending time together Katherine and Jeffrey went to the office. Katherine gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Christina and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Andrew
Then Gregory and Lindsay went to the station, and Gregory gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning, Gregory and Richard were working at the station. Gregory decided to give a ring to Angela
Then, Amy and Jamie had a long argument and after that Amy said to Melissa
Then, Courtney and Kristen had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Stephen
Afterwards, Amanda and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a computer to Brian
Then, Emily and James had a long argument and after that James said to Brandon
Then Andrew and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Aaron
When soon afterwards Jacob and Mark got a basketball at the hospital, Jacob decided to give the basketball to Sara
Then Bryan and Megan were working at the garden, and Megan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then Vanessa and Katherine were thinking about going to the garden, and Katherine wanted to give a kiss to Justin
Then Justin and Kyle were working at the station, and Kyle decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Courtney and Tyler were thinking about going to the office, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then Kyle and Brian were working at the house, and Kyle decided to give a ring to David
Then, Ashley and Nicole were thinking about going to the house. Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
After the lunch David and Rachel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Friends separated at birth Kristen and Eric found a drink at the hospital. Kristen gave it to Gregory
Then James and Jamie had a long argument, and after that James said to Jeffrey
Then Gregory and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Amy
Afterwards, Jonathan and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a drink to Charles
Then, Matthew and Eric went to the garden. Matthew gave a computer to Erica
Then Richard and Tiffany were working at the school, and Richard decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then, Kristen and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Kimberly
Then Samuel and Jessica had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Samuel gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Amanda and Anthony went to the hospital, and Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Afterwards Tiffany and Stephen went to the station, and Stephen gave a drink to Jacob
Afterwards, while spending time together Matthew and Katherine went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a basketball to Andrea
Friends separated at birth Amber and Ryan found a drink at the house. Amber gave it to David
The local big garden Richard and Jesse went to had a kiss. Richard gave it to Lisa
Then Kelly and Lauren were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, Lauren and Thomas were working at the restaurant. Thomas decided to give a computer to Nicole
Then Lindsay and Ryan had a lot of fun at the school, and Ryan gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Vanessa and Jesse were working at the office. Vanessa decided to give a ring to Katherine
Then in the morning, Justin and Michelle went to the restaurant. Justin gave a bone to Daniel
Then Matthew and Nicole were working at the office, and Matthew decided to give a computer to Tyler
After the lunch Megan and Jesse went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Amanda and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Sarah
Then, Shannon and Scott had a lot of fun at the house. Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then, Kimberly and Andrew had a lot of fun at the store. Andrew gave a bone to Samuel
Afterwards, while spending time together Daniel and Jeremy went to the office. Daniel gave a basketball to Travis
When soon afterwards Steven and Jacob got a basketball at the school, Steven decided to give it to Bryan
Then Crystal and Lisa went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Steven and Michelle were working at the hospital. Steven decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then Jose and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Charles
Then, Mark and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Jessica
Then, Crystal and Amy were working at the office. Crystal decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then Stephanie and David were thinking about going to the house, and Stephanie wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Charles
Afterwards Benjamin and Adam went to the school, and Benjamin gave a bone to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Nathan and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Gregory
After the lunch Benjamin and Nathan went to the store, and Nathan gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then Bradley and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station, and Bradley gave a bone to Charles
While spending time together Kimberly and Jason were working at the school, Kimberly gave a bone to Matthew
Then, Courtney and Daniel had a lot of fun at the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to Melissa
Afterwards, Jesse and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to William
After the lunch in the afternoon, Steven and Anthony went to the house. Steven gave a ring to Lauren
After the lunch, Erin and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Amanda and Christina had a lot of fun at the store. Christina gave a snack to Mary
Then, Ryan and Travis were working at the store. Travis decided to give a snack to Mary
After the lunch Amanda and Vanessa went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a ring to Brian
Then Kenneth and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
After the lunch Lauren and Nicole went to the restaurant, and Nicole gave a ring to Jason
Then, Paul and Kelly were working at the station. Kelly decided to give a computer to Amy
Then, Travis and Vanessa went to the garden. Travis gave a basketball to Kimberly
Afterwards Benjamin and Thomas went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
After the lunch Jamie and Ashley went to the house, and Ashley gave a snack to Patrick
Then Travis and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Amber
Then, Scott and Lindsay were thinking about going to the garden. Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Mark
Then, Kyle and Justin were working at the station. Kyle decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Eric and Brandon went to the school, and Brandon gave a ring to Kelly
Then, Robert and Erin went to the house. Erin gave a ring to Daniel
After the lunch, Eric and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Richard and Steven went to the office, and Steven gave a necklace to Cody
Then Michael and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Lindsay gave a bone to Benjamin
Afterwards Megan and Aaron went to the garden, and Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then in the morning afterwards, Ashley and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Rebecca
Then Daniel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Daniel gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards, Melissa and Richard went to the garden. Melissa gave a necklace to Katie
Then Lauren and Thomas were working at the restaurant, and Thomas decided to give a computer to Nicole
Afterwards Kenneth and Lauren went to the office, and Lauren gave a computer to Lindsey
While spending time together Vanessa and Emily were working at the garden, Vanessa gave a basketball to Kelly
Then in the morning afterwards, Mark and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Steven
Then, James and Emily had a long argument and after that James said to Brandon
While spending time together Sean and Andrew were commuting to the store, Sean gave a drink to Thomas
Then Ryan and Courtney went to the store, and Ryan gave a necklace to Christine
Then Michelle and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Gregory and Jacob were working at the store. Gregory decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then, Amber and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Jessica
While spending time together Nathan and Jose were commuting to the hospital, Nathan gave a necklace to Timothy
After the lunch, Nicole and Lauren went to the restaurant. Nicole gave a ring to Jason
Then Danielle and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the house, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Michael and Timothy went to the store. Michael gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Kyle and Thomas went to the office, and Thomas gave a ring to Travis
Then Andrea and Jesse had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then Amanda and Rachel were thinking about going to the station, and Rachel wanted to give a necklace to Jose
Then Samantha and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Katherine
After the lunch Michael and Bryan went to the house, and Bryan gave a drink to Sara
Then Robert and Erin went to the house, and Erin gave a ring to Daniel
Then Jeremy and Jason were working at the office, and Jeremy decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then, Aaron and Jennifer went to the office. Aaron gave a necklace to Courtney
Then, Megan and Alicia went to the school. Megan gave a snack to Joseph
The local big hospital Jeremy and Kenneth went to had a ring. Jeremy gave it to Richard
Then, James and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Gregory
When soon afterwards Stephen and Katherine got a drink at the house, Stephen decided to give the drink to Erica
Then in the morning, Katie and Kelly were thinking about going to the hospital. Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
After the lunch Steven and Vanessa went to the hospital, and Steven gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards Kevin and Rebecca went to the hospital, and Rebecca gave a computer to Amanda
Afterwards Sara and Erica went to the station, and Erica gave a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Sean and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Lindsay
Then, Gregory and Shannon were working at the store. Gregory decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Afterwards Tiffany and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a bone to Sara
Then Rachel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the house, and Rachel gave a basketball to Brian
After the lunch, Joshua and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a snack to Paul
Then Laura and Crystal were working at the restaurant, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then, Jason and Nicole were working at the hospital. Jason decided to give a ring to Michael
Then Andrea and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Gregory
Afterwards Christopher and Christina went to the school, and Christina gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Daniel and Sean had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Mary
Then Eric and Brian had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Jacob
Then Matthew and Alicia were thinking about going to the school, and Alicia wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Courtney and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then Alicia and Lindsay were working at the store, and Alicia decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Melissa and Samantha went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then, Sean and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant. Travis wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
After taking a long break Thomas and Katherine went to the store, Thomas gave a drink to Kyle
While spending time together Cody and Alexander were working at the house, Cody gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Timothy and Jeremy went to the store, and Timothy gave a basketball to Katherine
Then Rebecca and Allison had a long argument, and afterwards Allison said to Travis
Then Jose and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Tiffany
Then Amanda and Justin were thinking about going to the store, and Justin wanted to give a computer to Melissa
Then Katherine and Stephen went to the house, and Katherine gave a basketball to Sara
Then Robert and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Heather wanted to give a ring to Samantha
After the lunch, William and Shannon went to the office. Shannon gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Afterwards Steven and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Jamie and Courtney had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Mary
After the lunch Aaron and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Amber
The local big house Jonathan and Aaron went to had a computer. Jonathan gave it to Allison
Then Gregory and Charles had a long argument, and after that Charles said to Jose
Then Ashley and Justin went to the school, and Justin gave a necklace to Patrick
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and Heather went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a computer to Rachel
Afterwards Shannon and Jose went to the garden, and Shannon gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Samantha and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Then, Steven and Bradley went to the garden. Bradley gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Lindsay and Courtney were thinking about going to the hospital. Courtney wanted to give a necklace to Heather
Then, Ryan and Christine had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Nicole and Michelle were thinking about going to the office. Nicole wanted to give a bone to Lisa
Then, Shannon and Lisa had a lot of fun at the house. Lisa gave a snack to Nicole
Then in the morning afterwards, Lisa and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Lisa said to Samuel
Then, Cody and Travis were thinking about going to the school. Travis wanted to give a ring to Lauren
Then Jeremy and Joseph had a lot of fun at the house, and Joseph gave a drink to Erin
Then in the morning, Mary and William had a lot of fun at the station. Mary gave a kiss to Michelle
When soon afterwards Kyle and Heather got a kiss at the house, Kyle decided to give it to Vanessa
Afterwards Aaron and Bradley went to the school, and Aaron gave a drink to Nicole
Then in the morning, Michelle and Shannon went to the house. Michelle gave a computer to Brandon
Then, Lindsey and Adam had a lot of fun at the school. Adam gave a basketball to Alexander
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amber and Jesse went to the hospital. Amber gave a ring to Christopher
Then, Christine and Richard had a long argument and after that Christine said to Alexander
Then Heather and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Bryan
Afterwards Samuel and James went to the station, and Samuel gave a snack to Kyle
After the lunch Kristen and Kyle went to the station, and Kyle gave a necklace to Sara
Then Adam and Rebecca were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Michelle
Then, Alexander and Katie had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Erica
When soon afterwards Shannon and Katherine got a basketball at the store, Shannon decided to give it to Elizabeth
Then Samantha and Erin went to the house, and Erin gave a snack to James
Then, Andrea and Brittany were working at the garden. Brittany decided to give a kiss to Jose
Afterwards, John and Brittany went to the station. John gave a ring to Angela
After the lunch, Kevin and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a kiss to Dustin
When soon afterwards Steven and Bradley got a basketball at the office, Steven decided to give it to Samantha
Then, Charles and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Kimberly and Sean were working at the hospital, and Sean decided to give a basketball to Christina
Then, Jose and Nicholas were working at the garden. Jose decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then Bradley and Sarah had a lot of fun at the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then Dustin and Tyler were working at the station, and Tyler decided to give a bone to Katherine
When soon afterwards Andrea and Michael got a kiss at the station, Andrea decided to give it to William
Then, Katherine and Erin went to the store. Erin gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lisa and Emily went to the office. Lisa gave a snack to Christopher
Then, Alexander and John had a long argument and after that John said to Joshua
Then in the morning, Steven and Adam went to the restaurant. Steven gave a drink to Sara
Afterwards Joseph and Christina went to the garden, and Joseph gave a snack to Robert
Then in the morning, Dustin and Courtney were working at the garden. Dustin decided to give a computer to Kristen
Then, Elizabeth and Gregory had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a basketball to Robert
Then, Sara and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Then Elizabeth and Ryan went to the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a snack to Jason
Then Courtney and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Dustin
Then, Jessica and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Samuel gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Justin and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Vanessa and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
While spending time together Alexander and Amanda were commuting to the office, Alexander gave a bone to Daniel
Then Timothy and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Jonathan
Then Sean and Daniel were thinking about going to the store, and Sean wanted to give a necklace to Richard
After taking a long break Anthony and Jessica went to the garden, Anthony gave a bone to Crystal
Then, Jeffrey and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Benjamin said to Paul
Then Katherine and Nicholas went to the school, and Nicholas gave a computer to Paul
Afterwards, Kelly and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch Patrick and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Eric
Then, Nathan and Vanessa were working at the station. Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Friends separated at birth Kyle and Samantha found a basketball at the school. Kyle gave it to Katie
Then Adam and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Aaron gave a kiss to Benjamin
Then Kevin and Heather went to the house, and Kevin gave a necklace to Jeremy
Then, Emily and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then Mary and Jose went to the school, and Jose gave a bone to Paul
After the lunch, Christina and Kristen went to the office. Christina gave a drink to Megan
After the lunch Katherine and Jeremy went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Christina and Justin went to the station. Christina gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Brian and Steven were working at the station. Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then William and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school, and Nathan gave a basketball to Mary
Afterwards, Matthew and Christina went to the restaurant. Christina gave a drink to Michael
Then Jason and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Charles
Then, Stephen and Adam were working at the office. Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
When soon afterwards Matthew and Brian got a necklace at the garden, Matthew decided to give it to Jose
Then, Paul and Eric had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then William and Christina went to the school, and William gave a drink to Jeffrey
Afterwards, while spending time together Jeffrey and Erica went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a computer to James
After the lunch Stephen and Sarah went to the office, and Stephen gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Crystal and Katie had a long argument and after that Katie said to Lisa
After the lunch, Dustin and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
After the lunch Jennifer and Lauren went to the station, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Lindsey
Afterwards, while spending time together Gregory and Travis went to the station. Gregory gave a drink to Michael
When soon afterwards James and Stephanie got a drink at the restaurant, James decided to give it to Aaron
Afterwards, Jeffrey and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a snack to Robert
While spending time together Sarah and Christina were working at the station, Sarah gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Jason and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Ryan
Then, Nathan and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Gregory
After taking a long break Sean and Richard went to the restaurant, Sean gave a necklace to Andrew
Then, James and Jamie had a long argument and after that James said to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Brandon and Cody went to the school. Cody gave a bone to Robert
Then, Lindsey and Joseph were working at the hospital. Joseph decided to give a necklace to Robert
Then Thomas and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Andrew
Then, Jonathan and Nathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then Joshua and Erica went to the garden, and Erica gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Shannon and James had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then Jessica and John had a long argument, and after that John said to Jacob
Then, Steven and Aaron went to the station. Aaron gave a drink to Joshua
Then Amber and Richard were working at the office, and Richard decided to give a necklace to Ashley
After the lunch Laura and Kevin went to the house, and Laura gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then Jamie and Steven had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Paul
Then Scott and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Courtney
Then Robert and Eric had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Eric gave a ring to Matthew
Then, Danielle and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the house. Elizabeth gave a computer to Benjamin
Afterwards, Benjamin and Megan went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to Travis
Then Sarah and Sara went to the hospital, and Sarah gave a ring to Brittany
Then Bradley and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to Katie
Afterwards Scott and Lauren went to the garden, and Lauren gave a computer to Ryan
Then, Kyle and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house. Kyle gave a bone to Katie
Then Patrick and Jamie were thinking about going to the station, and Jamie wanted to give a kiss to Amber
Then, Danielle and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a basketball to Megan
Then Samuel and Megan had a long argument, and after that Megan said to Dustin
After the lunch, Amanda and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Gregory and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Heather
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Sean
Then, Richard and Rebecca were working at the office. Rebecca decided to give a snack to Kyle
Friends separated at birth David and William found a drink at the hospital. David gave it to Sara
Then, Emily and Erica were thinking about going to the store. Erica wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then, Thomas and Bryan were thinking about going to the garden. Bryan wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Steven went to the station. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Kevin
Then Rachel and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Samuel
Then, Richard and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Joshua
Then, Emily and Cody went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then James and Kimberly were working at the garden, and Kimberly decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Lindsay and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Eric
Then, Michelle and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to Jeffrey
Afterwards Amanda and Steven went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Angela and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Charles
Then, Jonathan and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the office. Jeffrey wanted to give a snack to Nicole
After taking a long break Jennifer and Scott went to the station, Jennifer gave a basketball to Lindsey
Friends separated at birth Adam and Ashley found a snack at the store. Adam gave it to Brian
Then, Andrea and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden. Kyle gave a computer to Kenneth
After the lunch Patrick and Nicholas went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
After the lunch, Allison and Eric went to the station. Allison gave a kiss to Christina
Then Gregory and Sean were working at the office, and Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then Robert and Samuel went to the hospital, and Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Travis and Brandon were working at the office. Travis decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then, Amanda and Sara were working at the restaurant. Sara decided to give a drink to Nicole
The local big school Nicole and Scott went to had a necklace. Nicole gave it to Heather
Then Paul and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then Thomas and Shannon had a lot of fun at the office, and Thomas gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Angela and Joshua had a lot of fun at the store. Joshua gave a drink to Eric
Then, Rachel and Steven had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Brian
Then Joshua and Samantha went to the house, and Joshua gave a kiss to Amanda
After the lunch Jeremy and Amy went to the station, and Amy gave a snack to Ryan
When soon afterwards William and Andrea got a necklace at the school, William decided to give it to Brandon
Then, Joseph and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Emily
Then, Michelle and Allison were working at the house. Allison decided to give a ring to Kyle
Then Shannon and Lisa had a lot of fun at the house, and Lisa gave a snack to Nicole
Afterwards, Steven and Kenneth went to the garden. Kenneth gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Katherine and Megan were working at the office, and Megan decided to give a ring to Richard
Then, Elizabeth and Stephanie were thinking about going to the garden. Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Afterwards, Katherine and Gregory went to the garden. Katherine gave a basketball to Melissa
After the lunch Stephen and Andrew went to the store, and Stephen gave a necklace to Kelly
Then, Paul and Lauren had a long argument and after that Paul said to Michelle
Then Timothy and Ryan were working at the house, and Timothy decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then, Danielle and David had a long argument and after that David said to Lindsay
Then Michelle and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Melissa
Then Lisa and Amy were thinking about going to the school, and Lisa wanted to give a computer to Bradley
After the lunch Erin and Christina went to the office, and Erin gave a necklace to Nicholas
After the lunch Amy and Robert went to the restaurant, and Robert gave a basketball to Brian
Then Kelly and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to David
Afterwards Matthew and Brian went to the station, and Matthew gave a kiss to Sara
Then in the morning afterwards, Emily and David had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Michael
Then Vanessa and Brandon had a lot of fun at the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Mark and Brian had a lot of fun at the station. Mark gave a necklace to Michelle
After the lunch Bryan and Lindsay went to the restaurant, and Lindsay gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Jeffrey and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Brian
Then, Melissa and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Elizabeth
After the lunch Stephanie and Jose went to the hospital, and Jose gave a bone to Courtney
Then, Mary and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Patrick
Afterwards, while spending time together Bryan and Kimberly went to the hospital. Bryan gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Jason and Alexander had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alexander gave a bone to William
When soon afterwards Benjamin and Emily got a necklace at the house, Benjamin decided to give it to Jessica
Then Alexander and Mark had a long argument, and after that Mark said to Lauren
After the lunch, Michelle and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a necklace to Heather
Then, Christopher and Patrick were working at the house. Patrick decided to give a drink to Scott
Then in the morning, Justin and Megan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Justin gave a kiss to Danielle
After the lunch, Amy and Jeremy went to the station. Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then, Lauren and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Ryan
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth were working at the house, and Jonathan decided to give a ring to Justin
After the lunch, Jeremy and Kelly went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a ring to Richard
Then, Jeffrey and Daniel had a long argument. Afterwards Daniel said to Dustin
Then, Laura and Crystal were working at the station. Crystal decided to give a kiss to Lindsay
After the lunch, Vanessa and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a computer to Alicia
Afterwards, Nicole and Travis went to the hospital. Nicole gave a drink to Richard
After the lunch, Christina and Erin went to the office. Erin gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then, Mark and Amber were working at the school. Amber decided to give a basketball to David
Then in the morning, Nathan and Mary were working at the garden. Nathan decided to give a bone to Laura
Then in the morning afterwards, Melissa and Scott had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Ashley
After the lunch Patrick and Amy went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, David and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Michael
Then Allison and Timothy had a long argument, and after that Timothy said to Michelle
Afterwards, Justin and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a necklace to Nicholas
Afterwards, Joseph and Christina went to the garden. Joseph gave a snack to Robert
Afterwards Crystal and Sara went to the store, and Crystal gave a kiss to Allison
Then Andrew and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Nathan gave a basketball to Ryan
After the lunch, Shannon and Lindsay went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then Jacob and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office, and Kimberly wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Jason and Sara were thinking about going to the station. Sara wanted to give a bone to Michael
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephen and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Samantha
Then Jeremy and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Sara
Then John and Andrew were working at the office, and Andrew decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Matthew and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Matthew said to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, Timothy and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Alicia
Afterwards Jeremy and Rachel went to the hospital, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Angela
Afterwards Courtney and Danielle went to the garden, and Danielle gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Lindsey and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Courtney
Then Michael and Elizabeth went to the office, and Elizabeth gave a bone to Angela
Afterwards Kevin and Kimberly went to the restaurant, and Kevin gave a drink to Lindsey
Then Rebecca and Joseph had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Jeffrey
Afterwards Bradley and Elizabeth went to the school, and Elizabeth gave a necklace to Matthew
Then Jonathan and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the office, and Jeffrey wanted to give a snack to Nicole
After the lunch, Eric and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a kiss to Christina
Then, Gregory and Ryan were working at the restaurant. Ryan decided to give a drink to Alicia
After the lunch Nicole and Elizabeth went to the school, and Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Sarah and Robert had a lot of fun at the store. Robert gave a necklace to James
Then Lisa and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden, and Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then Nathan and Amber had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Benjamin
Then David and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Michael
Afterwards Lindsey and Benjamin went to the restaurant, and Benjamin gave a kiss to Lisa
Then Bryan and Ashley were working at the office, and Bryan decided to give a snack to Jacob
Then Tyler and David had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Michael
Then, Steven and Allison were working at the office. Allison decided to give a bone to Jamie
Then, David and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Vanessa
After the lunch, Stephanie and Anthony went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Bradley
Then Crystal and Sarah had a lot of fun at the office, and Sarah gave a ring to Nicholas
Then, Katie and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Sean
Then, Katherine and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Mary
Then Aaron and Jesse went to the house, and Aaron gave a bone to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Jonathan
Then Samantha and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
Afterwards, Paul and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a ring to Jennifer
After the lunch Katie and Rachel went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Nicholas
Then, David and Bryan were working at the hospital. Bryan decided to give a snack to Joseph
Afterwards Alicia and James went to the store, and James gave a ring to Lauren
Then in the morning, Sean and Joshua were working at the office. Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
After the lunch Stephanie and Dustin went to the restaurant, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Allison and Laura were working at the hospital. Allison decided to give a kiss to John
Then Jesse and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then, Stephen and Jesse had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Michael
Afterwards, Rebecca and Sean went to the house. Rebecca gave a computer to Nathan
Then Gregory and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Cody
Afterwards, Timothy and Lindsay went to the school. Timothy gave a drink to Matthew
Then Mary and Samuel went to the hospital, and Mary gave a ring to Jacob
Afterwards, while spending time together Amber and Shannon went to the station. Amber gave a drink to Jacob
Afterwards Mark and Jamie went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Nicole
Then Richard and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the office, and Richard gave a bone to Tyler
Then in the morning, Brandon and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brandon gave a computer to Melissa
Then Jacob and Michael were working at the office, and Jacob decided to give a ring to Heather
Then Courtney and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then in the morning, Angela and Brian were thinking about going to the station. Angela wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then John and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the store, and John gave a kiss to Brian
Then Shannon and Gregory were working at the store, and Gregory decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then, Rachel and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a bone to Kevin
Then, Kevin and Tiffany were thinking about going to the hospital. Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Kelly
Then, Jamie and James had a long argument and after that James said to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Mary and Allison got a ring at the school, Mary decided to give the ring to Ryan
Then, Stephen and David had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Amber
Then William and Andrea were working at the store, and Andrea decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
After taking a long break Amanda and Lindsey went to the school, Amanda gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Thomas and Lauren were working at the restaurant. Thomas decided to give a computer to Nicole
After the lunch, Allison and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a basketball to Nathan
Afterwards Ashley and Joseph went to the school, and Joseph gave a drink to Crystal
Then Emily and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Nicholas
Then Katherine and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then Timothy and Michael went to the store, and Michael gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Katie and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Sean
Then, Nicholas and Lisa went to the school. Lisa gave a bone to Jonathan
Then Alicia and Erin went to the station, and Alicia gave a drink to Kristen
Then Brittany and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Steven
Then Joseph and Matthew had a lot of fun at the school, and Matthew gave a basketball to Jeffrey
While spending time together Amy and Jacob were commuting to the house, Amy gave a bone to Erica
After the lunch Bryan and Michael went to the house, and Bryan gave a drink to Sara
Then, Melissa and Kyle were thinking about going to the school. Kyle wanted to give a snack to Amy
The local big store Rebecca and Benjamin went to had a kiss. Rebecca gave it to Lindsay
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicholas and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Nicholas said to Benjamin
Afterwards, Heather and Patrick went to the garden. Patrick gave a snack to Daniel
Then in the morning, Jesse and Samuel went to the store. Jesse gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Tiffany and Richard were working at the school. Richard decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then Mary and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Katherine
Then, Mary and Bradley went to the garden. Bradley gave a snack to Tiffany
Then David and Jesse went to the house, and David gave a drink to Daniel
Then, Joseph and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Dustin
Then, Jose and Shannon had a lot of fun at the hospital. Shannon gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then, Jonathan and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to David
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then Brian and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the store, and Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Then Crystal and Alexander had a lot of fun at the school, and Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Gregory and Katherine went to the garden. Katherine gave a basketball to Melissa
Then, Katie and Erin were thinking about going to the store. Erin wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Friends separated at birth Angela and Daniel found a necklace at the hospital. Angela gave it to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Crystal and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Erin
Then Michelle and Kristen were working at the hospital, and Kristen decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then, Angela and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant. Megan wanted to give a bone to Jason
Then Melissa and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Anthony
After the lunch, Lisa and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then, Gregory and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the office. Kimberly gave a bone to Nathan
Afterwards, Samantha and David went to the station. David gave a basketball to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Dustin and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Andrew and Tyler went to the station. Tyler gave a drink to Nathan
Then, Erica and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Bryan
While spending time together Megan and Benjamin were commuting to the garden, Megan gave a basketball to Erica
Then, Michelle and Robert were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Angela and John had a lot of fun at the station, and Angela gave a snack to Anthony
Then John and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Timothy and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Kelly
Then, Tyler and Adam had a long argument and after that Adam said to Danielle
Friends separated at birth Kyle and Michelle found a basketball at the house. Kyle gave it to Joseph
After taking a long break Stephen and John went to the school, Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Afterwards, while spending time together Travis and Crystal went to the station. Travis gave a computer to Joshua
After the lunch in the afternoon, Mark and Brittany went to the school. Mark gave a basketball to Amanda
While spending time together David and Richard were commuting to the office, David gave a basketball to Eric
Then David and Christina had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Then Katherine and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Afterwards, Lauren and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a necklace to Gregory
While spending time together Jeffrey and Vanessa were commuting to the restaurant, Jeffrey gave a computer to Brittany
Afterwards Tyler and Eric went to the office, and Eric gave a drink to Sara
After the lunch, Andrea and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a computer to Nicholas
Friends separated at birth William and Anthony found a ring at the school. William gave it to Bryan
Then, Robert and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then Jeremy and David had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Gregory and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Mary
After the lunch, Nicole and Elizabeth went to the school. Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
While spending time together Courtney and Jonathan were commuting to the garden, Courtney gave a bone to Kyle
Then in the morning, Nathan and Brandon went to the store. Nathan gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Joseph and Lindsey were working at the hospital. Joseph decided to give a necklace to Robert
Then Jeffrey and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Nicole
Then, Lindsay and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to James
Then, Michelle and Tyler were thinking about going to the hospital. Michelle wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Amber and Paul went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Thomas
Afterwards Benjamin and Megan went to the station, and Benjamin gave a ring to Travis
Then, Lauren and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Nathan gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Joseph and Lindsey went to the school, and Lindsey gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Andrew and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Laura
After the lunch, Anthony and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Bradley
Afterwards Melissa and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then in the morning, Samantha and James had a lot of fun at the school. Samantha gave a bone to Andrew
Then Brittany and Kevin went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then, Courtney and Katherine had a lot of fun at the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Afterwards, Anthony and Shannon went to the school. Shannon gave a ring to Andrew
Then, Samuel and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital. Andrew gave a computer to Michelle
Then in the morning, Megan and Michael were working at the school. Megan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then, William and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a drink to Thomas
Then, William and Matthew were working at the hospital. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then, Mark and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Sarah
Then Anthony and Jessica had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to John
Then, Christina and Kelly were working at the school. Kelly decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Then Jamie and Heather had a long argument, and afterwards Heather said to Jose
Then Jamie and Sean went to the office, and Sean gave a basketball to Brandon
Afterwards Cody and Kyle went to the station, and Cody gave a basketball to Benjamin
Afterwards, Dustin and Jason went to the station. Dustin gave a necklace to Mary
Then Bryan and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Sarah
After the lunch Andrea and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a computer to Nicholas
Then in the morning afterwards, Kyle and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Alexander
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Amy went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a basketball to Angela
When soon afterwards Bradley and Lindsay got a computer at the garden, Bradley decided to give it to Ryan
Then, Heather and Bradley had a lot of fun at the school. Heather gave a bone to Crystal
Then, Angela and John went to the house. Angela gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Kevin and Brittany were thinking about going to the garden, and Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Ryan
Then, Lindsey and Melissa had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Jacob
Then Melissa and Tyler were working at the hospital, and Tyler decided to give a bone to Bradley
Then in the morning afterwards, Jesse and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Melissa
Then, Paul and William had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Jose
Then, Samuel and Jessica had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Samuel gave a bone to Tiffany
Then James and Kimberly were working at the garden, and James decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Afterwards Brian and Matthew went to the station, and Matthew gave a kiss to Sara
Then, Rachel and Samantha were working at the house. Samantha decided to give a necklace to Elizabeth
Then, Vanessa and Sean were working at the hospital. Sean decided to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Shannon and Kristen were working at the office, and Kristen decided to give a ring to Amber
Then Robert and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Amanda
Then Michelle and Andrea were working at the office, and Andrea decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Kevin and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Nathan
Afterwards Adam and Mary went to the school, and Mary gave a ring to Katherine
Then Jeffrey and Richard were working at the store, and Richard decided to give a ring to David
After the lunch, Courtney and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a drink to Michelle
Then, Charles and Aaron went to the office. Charles gave a basketball to Scott
Then Jeremy and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Mary
Then in the morning, Shannon and Kelly had a lot of fun at the station. Shannon gave a drink to Amy
Then in the morning, Heather and Jose had a lot of fun at the school. Heather gave a bone to Crystal
After the lunch, Sarah and Courtney went to the restaurant. Sarah gave a bone to Robert
Then Kyle and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Lauren
Afterwards, Anthony and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a snack to Amy
Afterwards, Kristen and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a drink to Jamie
Then Andrew and John were working at the office, and Andrew decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then Laura and Travis were working at the house, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then Danielle and Tiffany were working at the restaurant, and Danielle decided to give a bone to Amber
Then Bryan and Tiffany were working at the house, and Bryan decided to give a necklace to Danielle
After the lunch Adam and Thomas went to the store, and Thomas gave a drink to Kyle
Then Scott and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Michael gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Emily and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then Samuel and Robert went to the hospital, and Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Jason and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Kevin
Then, Rebecca and Travis had a long argument and after that Travis said to Courtney
Afterwards, Christine and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a bone to Jose
Then Samuel and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Joshua
Afterwards, Robert and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Thomas and Bryan were thinking about going to the garden, and Bryan wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then, Samantha and Andrea had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Nathan
After the lunch, Robert and Amy went to the restaurant. Robert gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Richard and Christopher were thinking about going to the hospital. Richard wanted to give a necklace to Megan
Afterwards, Ashley and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Kevin and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden. Kristen wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Then Danielle and Katie had a lot of fun at the school, and Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Then, Allison and Jesse had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Angela
Then Amy and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a bone to Sara
Then Christine and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Courtney
After the lunch Megan and David went to the restaurant, and Megan gave a necklace to Steven
Then Bryan and Amanda went to the store, and Amanda gave a basketball to Amy
Afterwards Nathan and Angela went to the hospital, and Angela gave a drink to Amber
Then Michelle and Tyler were thinking about going to the hospital, and Michelle wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
After the lunch Alicia and Shannon went to the office, and Shannon gave a ring to James
Then, Mary and Kevin were working at the school. Mary decided to give a computer to Samuel
Then Shannon and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office, and Thomas gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Lindsay and Michelle were working at the garden. Michelle decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then, Robert and Sean had a lot of fun at the hospital. Robert gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Justin and Allison had a lot of fun at the school. Justin gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Kelly and Timothy were working at the hospital, and Timothy decided to give a bone to Katherine
After the lunch Nicole and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a basketball to Ryan
Then in the morning, Angela and Christopher were working at the hospital. Angela decided to give a drink to Vanessa
After the lunch Jose and Richard went to the house, and Richard gave a necklace to Patrick
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joseph and Stephanie went to the hospital. Joseph gave a computer to Lisa
Then in the morning, Kyle and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Steven
Then Aaron and Kyle were working at the restaurant, and Aaron decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then Amber and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Amber wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Amy and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a bone to Sara
Then, Justin and Kevin were working at the hospital. Justin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Sean and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden. Sean gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Joshua and Crystal went to the house. Joshua gave a kiss to Amanda
While spending time together Jennifer and Stephen were commuting to the house, Jennifer gave a drink to Robert
Then Travis and Ryan were working at the store, and Travis decided to give a snack to Mary
Afterwards Christine and Crystal went to the store, and Crystal gave a bone to Sarah
Then, Jesse and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then David and Timothy were thinking about going to the office, and Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Then Crystal and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Eric
After the lunch Gregory and Alexander went to the station, and Gregory gave a bone to Steven
Then Tyler and Ashley had a lot of fun at the house, and Tyler gave a computer to Tiffany
Then, Michelle and Melissa had a lot of fun at the store. Melissa gave a snack to Robert
Then, Dustin and Elizabeth went to the hospital. Elizabeth gave a bone to Jason
Then in the morning, William and Jamie were working at the restaurant. William decided to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Katie and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Kyle
Afterwards, Steven and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, Brian and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Amy and Laura were working at the restaurant. Laura decided to give a basketball to Ashley
Then Thomas and Sarah were working at the station, and Sarah decided to give a snack to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Thomas and Lauren went to the station. Thomas gave a computer to Nicole
Afterwards Melissa and Patrick went to the house, and Patrick gave a computer to Angela
Friends separated at birth Vanessa and Lisa found a bone at the school. Vanessa gave it to Lauren
Then Alexander and Emily had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alexander gave a drink to Sarah
Then Amy and Dustin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Dustin wanted to give a snack to Joseph
Then Travis and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Rebecca said to Benjamin
Then, Lauren and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, Charles and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Nicole
Then, Jeffrey and Brian had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brian gave a drink to Alexander
Then, Brandon and Jessica had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Erica
When soon afterwards Gregory and Kenneth got a snack at the station, Gregory decided to give the snack to Amy
Then, Jacob and Emily had a lot of fun at the hospital. Emily gave a ring to David
The local big office Lindsay and Bryan went to had a bone. Lindsay gave it to Emily
After the lunch Ashley and Scott went to the school, and Scott gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards, Travis and Katherine went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Christina and Matthew had a lot of fun at the office. Christina gave a computer to Mark
Then Christopher and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Christopher wanted to give a ring to Charles
Afterwards Amber and Patrick went to the station, and Patrick gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Amy and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Lisa
Then, Richard and Bradley went to the office. Richard gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Thomas and Megan were thinking about going to the garden. Thomas wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Kyle were working at the store. Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Brittany
Then, Crystal and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Bradley
When soon afterwards Kristen and Jennifer got a snack at the restaurant, Kristen decided to give the snack to Rebecca
Then, Dustin and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Adam
Then James and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a ring to Eric
Then Tiffany and Jason had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Stephanie
Friends separated at birth James and Sara found a bone at the store. James gave it to Katie
Afterwards Sara and Lindsay went to the school, and Sara gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Anthony and Jessica had a long argument and after that Anthony said to John
Then Danielle and Jason had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Kyle
Then, Erica and Amber were working at the store. Amber decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Afterwards Christine and Jennifer went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
After the lunch Allison and Stephanie went to the station, and Allison gave a drink to Crystal
Then Jeffrey and Jesse were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jeffrey wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then Sarah and Michelle went to the garden, and Sarah gave a drink to Joshua
Then Heather and Bradley had a lot of fun at the school, and Heather gave a bone to Crystal
Afterwards, Kenneth and Michael went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Lindsay and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to James
Then Joseph and Amber were thinking about going to the house, and Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
After the lunch Eric and Jeffrey went to the house, and Jeffrey gave a bone to Paul
After the lunch, Travis and Sara went to the station. Sara gave a basketball to Nicholas
The local big station John and Amy went to had a basketball. John gave it to Lindsey
Then Lisa and Melissa were thinking about going to the school, and Melissa wanted to give a computer to Paul
Afterwards Christopher and Joshua went to the house, and Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then Jeffrey and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
Then, Richard and Amber were working at the office. Richard decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then Steven and Alicia were working at the station, and Alicia decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
After the lunch Courtney and Katie went to the garden, and Courtney gave a drink to Heather
After the lunch Tyler and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Jesse and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the hospital. Jeffrey wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then Jeremy and Andrew were thinking about going to the house, and Jeremy wanted to give a computer to Robert
After the lunch, Emily and Heather went to the station. Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then, Ryan and Stephen had a lot of fun at the station. Stephen gave a necklace to Lisa
Then, Richard and Michelle had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then, Emily and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a drink to Sarah
After the lunch Brandon and Ashley went to the station, and Ashley gave a snack to Joseph
Then, Megan and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Cody
Afterwards, while spending time together Nathan and Lindsay went to the store. Nathan gave a basketball to Stephen
Then Jesse and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Christina
Then in the morning afterwards, Christina and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Nathan
Then, Christina and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Charles said to Rachel
Then in the morning, Adam and Steven were working at the restaurant. Adam decided to give a necklace to Travis
After the lunch, Justin and Ashley went to the house. Justin gave a bone to Lindsay
Then, Jeffrey and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to Timothy
Then, Christopher and Justin had a lot of fun at the garden. Justin gave a bone to Andrew
Then, Katie and William were thinking about going to the garden. Katie wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then, Jason and Stephanie were working at the hospital. Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then Lauren and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Ryan
Then, Jessica and John had a long argument and after that John said to Jacob
While spending time together Christine and Steven were working at the house, Christine gave a ring to Eric
Then, Joshua and Brian were thinking about going to the house. Brian wanted to give a bone to Ashley
Then, John and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a ring to Jeremy
Then, Timothy and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the school. Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then Emily and Cody went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Afterwards Scott and Katherine went to the school, and Katherine gave a drink to Kevin
After the lunch, Rachel and Eric went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Aaron and Jacob had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Aaron gave a ring to Laura
Then Bryan and William were thinking about going to the restaurant, and William wanted to give a drink to Patrick
After the lunch, Heather and Bradley went to the station. Bradley gave a computer to Sarah
Then, Shannon and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Amanda
Then Kelly and Elizabeth went to the school, and Kelly gave a snack to Lindsay
Afterwards, while spending time together Patrick and Anthony went to the store. Patrick gave a computer to Charles
After the lunch, Jose and Richard went to the house. Richard gave a necklace to Patrick
Then in the morning, Kristen and Michael were working at the school. Kristen decided to give a drink to Emily
Then, Kenneth and Ashley were working at the station. Ashley decided to give a drink to Erin
Then Matthew and Brian went to the office, and Matthew gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Brian and Mark had a lot of fun at the station, and Mark gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Jeffrey and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeffrey gave a computer to Timothy
Then Jessica and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital, and Heather wanted to give a basketball to Allison
Afterwards Christopher and Kelly went to the office, and Kelly gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Richard and Nicholas were thinking about going to the house. Nicholas wanted to give a ring to Jesse
Then Ryan and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store, and Brandon gave a snack to Bradley
Then, Sarah and Ryan were thinking about going to the office. Sarah wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Lindsay and Steven had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Scott
Then Allison and Samantha had a lot of fun at the garden, and Samantha gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Jason and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Jason said to Charles
Afterwards Kristen and Crystal went to the house, and Kristen gave a computer to Danielle
Then Christopher and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Erin
Then Alexander and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Courtney
Then Eric and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Jason
Then in the morning, Andrea and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Jacob
Then Samantha and Jonathan went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
After the lunch John and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a kiss to Kristen
Then, Ryan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store. Ryan wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
Then Andrea and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Afterwards Joseph and James went to the office, and Joseph gave a basketball to Sara
Then Kenneth and Nicole were thinking about going to the station, and Nicole wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then Sean and Robert had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Robert gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Jose and Andrew had a lot of fun at the garden. Jose gave a computer to Lauren
Then Megan and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden, and Thomas wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then, Tyler and Robert had a lot of fun at the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then Danielle and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Sara
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsay and Jonathan went to the office. Lindsay gave a drink to Kelly
Then Ashley and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the garden, and Ashley gave a ring to Samantha
Then, Joseph and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the house. Joseph gave a drink to Erin
Then, Kevin and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Nathan
Then Thomas and Adam went to the station, and Thomas gave a bone to Christina
Then, Steven and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Scott
Then in the morning, Christina and David had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Kimberly
Then, Lauren and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Emily
Then, Paul and Danielle were thinking about going to the office. Danielle wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
After the lunch, Alexander and Jessica went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Nicole and Amber were thinking about going to the store, and Nicole wanted to give a drink to Lauren
After the lunch, Mark and Benjamin went to the station. Mark gave a computer to Nicole
Then, Angela and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Rachel
After the lunch, Robert and Shannon went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a snack to Andrea
After the lunch, Katie and Kevin went to the garden. Katie gave a kiss to Dustin
After the lunch, David and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a necklace to Steven
Then in the morning, Cody and Tyler were working at the garden. Cody decided to give a snack to Lauren
Then, Steven and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Eric
Then, Adam and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Aaron gave a kiss to Benjamin
Then, William and Lindsay were working at the house. Lindsay decided to give a ring to Adam
After taking a long break Rachel and Ashley went to the garden, Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then, Joseph and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Jose and William had a lot of fun at the house. William gave a ring to Adam
Then Anthony and Joseph went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to Stephanie
Then Paul and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Michelle
Then William and Jose had a lot of fun at the house, and William gave a ring to Adam
Then, Brandon and Brian had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brandon gave a computer to Melissa
After the lunch, Joshua and Courtney went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a drink to Michelle
Then Megan and Erica were thinking about going to the station, and Megan wanted to give a computer to Christine
Afterwards Timothy and Lindsay went to the school, and Timothy gave a drink to Matthew
Then Dustin and Allison went to the garden, and Allison gave a drink to Lindsay
When soon afterwards Anthony and Kenneth got a ring at the hospital, Anthony decided to give it to Rebecca
Then, Michael and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Scott and Brian had a lot of fun at the house. Brian gave a drink to Kelly
Then James and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and James gave a snack to Jason
The local big restaurant Stephen and Lindsay went to had a basketball. Stephen gave it to Scott
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Tiffany got a necklace at the house, Jeffrey decided to give it to Bradley
Then, Jeremy and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Matthew and Sean went to the hospital. Sean gave a kiss to Bradley
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsey and Alexander went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a ring to Anthony
Then Matthew and Patrick went to the station, and Matthew gave a drink to Brittany
The local big restaurant Katherine and Megan went to had a bone. Katherine gave it to Samuel
Then Scott and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then, Christina and Lauren had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then Daniel and Christopher were thinking about going to the house, and Christopher wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then Nathan and Sarah had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sarah gave a ring to Richard
While spending time together Gregory and Laura were commuting to the office, Gregory gave a necklace to Patrick
Then in the morning, Anthony and Robert were working at the hospital. Anthony decided to give a necklace to Ashley
When soon afterwards Rebecca and Lauren got a drink at the hospital, Rebecca decided to give the drink to Christine
Then, Adam and Kyle had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Samuel
Then, Brittany and Jessica had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Heather
Then Kyle and Ashley went to the station, and Ashley gave a kiss to Crystal
When soon afterwards Alexander and Kevin got a ring at the school, Alexander decided to give the ring to Adam
Then, Jeremy and Jennifer were working at the house. Jeremy decided to give a snack to Brian
Then Kelly and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Bryan
Then Christopher and Jeremy went to the station, and Jeremy gave a necklace to Lindsay
Then Erin and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Heather wanted to give a basketball to Ashley
Afterwards Jamie and Mary went to the station, and Jamie gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Gregory and Andrea went to the store. Gregory gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Matthew and Sean went to the hospital, and Sean gave a kiss to Bradley
Then Gregory and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to David
Then Amanda and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Thomas
Then, Matthew and Anthony were working at the restaurant. Anthony decided to give a ring to Timothy
Then, Nathan and Adam were working at the garden. Adam decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Stephen and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Michelle
Then Lindsey and John had a lot of fun at the store, and John gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Amber and Erica were working at the store. Amber decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Richard and Jeffrey were working at the store, and Richard decided to give a ring to David
Then Tyler and Michelle were thinking about going to the hospital, and Michelle wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then Bryan and Brandon were working at the office, and Brandon decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Adam and Katie were thinking about going to the house. Katie wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then, William and Bryan had a long argument and after that William said to Jason
Then, Thomas and Kyle went to the office. Thomas gave a ring to Travis
Then, Rebecca and Joseph went to the school. Rebecca gave a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning, Eric and Amy were working at the school. Eric decided to give a computer to Angela
Then, Lindsey and Robert had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Sarah
Then, Anthony and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Jeremy and Justin had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Kristen
Afterwards Vanessa and Heather went to the store, and Heather gave a necklace to Jose
Then in the morning, Brittany and Stephen had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Erica and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Bryan
Then David and Timothy had a long argument, and after that David said to Alexander
After the lunch Justin and Christine went to the office, and Christine gave a computer to Danielle
While spending time together Amanda and Gregory were working at the hospital, Amanda gave a computer to Sarah
After the lunch Andrew and William went to the station, and William gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Katherine and Justin were working at the hospital, and Katherine decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Jesse and Allison had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Angela
Friends separated at birth Shannon and Tyler found a basketball at the garden. Shannon gave it to Angela
Then Sara and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to James
Then, Katherine and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Sean
Then Katie and Steven were thinking about going to the hospital, and Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then, Aaron and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital. Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then Amanda and Lisa were thinking about going to the store, and Lisa wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Sean and Gregory were working at the office, and Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Jamie and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a basketball to Brandon
While spending time together Alicia and Allison were commuting to the station, Alicia gave a computer to Cody
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Amber were working at the office. Rebecca decided to give a snack to Kyle
Afterwards Aaron and Jason went to the garden, and Jason gave a basketball to Stephen
While spending time together Michelle and Stephanie were working at the school, Michelle gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Eric and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital. Erica gave a ring to Allison
Then Andrea and Kelly were thinking about going to the store, and Kelly wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Then, Jeffrey and Melissa were working at the hospital. Melissa decided to give a drink to Stephen
Then, Andrea and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Timothy
Then Katherine and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Sean
Then, Kyle and Brian were working at the house. Kyle decided to give a ring to David
Then Bradley and Steven went to the garden, and Bradley gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Joseph and Kimberly went to the office, and Joseph gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Kelly and Brittany had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Katherine
Then, Alicia and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a ring to Kristen
Then, Nicholas and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Jamie
After the lunch Heather and Emily went to the station, and Emily gave a bone to Amy
While spending time together Jesse and Richard were commuting to the station, Jesse gave a drink to Lindsey
Then Nicholas and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Katherine
Then Jessica and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Heather
Then, Michelle and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Amy
Then in the morning, Joseph and Brandon were thinking about going to the house. Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then Tiffany and Daniel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Daniel gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards, while spending time together Justin and Sara went to the house. Justin gave a ring to Mary
Afterwards, Stephanie and Robert went to the house. Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Crystal and Rachel had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Jesse
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Daniel got a computer at the station, Vanessa decided to give the computer to Nathan
Afterwards Jessica and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Megan and Adam were working at the school. Megan decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then Kelly and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Jose
Then, Benjamin and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then in the morning afterwards, Steven and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Sean
Then Nathan and Vanessa were working at the station, and Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Paul and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Christopher
Then Vanessa and Daniel went to the house, and Daniel gave a ring to Alicia
After the lunch, Amy and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Laura and Anthony went to the garden. Laura gave a bone to Ryan
Friends separated at birth William and Benjamin found a drink at the school. William gave it to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Christine and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to Sarah
Then, Jose and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Matthew
When soon afterwards Anthony and Sarah got a basketball at the house, Anthony decided to give the basketball to Dustin
Afterwards, Jeremy and Rachel went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a basketball to Angela
Afterwards, Jose and David went to the restaurant. David gave a bone to Alexander
Then, Lindsay and Ryan had a lot of fun at the school. Ryan gave a computer to Stephanie
Then Michelle and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station, and Bradley gave a bone to Charles
Then Lisa and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Benjamin gave a bone to Vanessa
When soon afterwards Crystal and Danielle got a kiss at the store, Crystal decided to give it to Allison
Then Allison and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Christine
Then John and Elizabeth went to the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a ring to Jeremy
Then Elizabeth and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Charles
Then, Adam and Rebecca were thinking about going to the restaurant. Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Michelle
After the lunch Tiffany and Sara went to the store, and Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Afterwards, Christopher and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch Jason and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a computer to David
Then, Nathan and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house. Amanda gave a bone to Tyler
Afterwards, while spending time together Joshua and Amy went to the store. Joshua gave a drink to Kimberly
After the lunch, Bradley and Robert went to the station. Robert gave a basketball to Patrick
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsay and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Lisa
Then Amber and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Jessica
After the lunch in the afternoon, John and Andrew went to the office. John gave a necklace to Anthony
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Jeremy
Then, Tiffany and Nathan were thinking about going to the school. Nathan wanted to give a bone to Amy
Afterwards, Jason and Dustin went to the station. Dustin gave a necklace to Mary
After the lunch, Rachel and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a snack to Brandon
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Jonathan
After the lunch Brian and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Afterwards Samantha and David went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then in the morning, Sara and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Charles
Then Stephen and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Courtney
Then Kevin and Tiffany were thinking about going to the hospital, and Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Kelly
Then Kimberly and Richard had a lot of fun at the office, and Richard gave a bone to Tyler
Then Rebecca and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Rebecca said to Benjamin
Then Christopher and Mark had a lot of fun at the store, and Mark gave a snack to Jose
Then Jessica and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school, and Thomas gave a ring to Angela
Then Vanessa and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then Stephanie and Amber were thinking about going to the school, and Amber wanted to give a bone to David
After the lunch Andrew and Stephen went to the store, and Stephen gave a necklace to Kelly
Afterwards, Richard and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a necklace to Katie
The local big store Nicole and Rachel went to had a ring. Nicole gave it to Brittany
Then, Jesse and Bryan were thinking about going to the station. Jesse wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
After the lunch Amy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Courtney and Aaron went to the office. Courtney gave a ring to Erin
Then Megan and Brittany went to the garden, and Megan gave a computer to Tyler
Then Aaron and Lisa went to the office, and Lisa gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Ashley and Bryan were working at the office. Bryan decided to give a snack to Jacob
Then Emily and Andrew had a long argument, and after that Andrew said to Erica
Then Robert and Sean had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Robert gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Timothy and Kelly were working at the hospital, and Timothy decided to give a bone to Katherine
Then Sean and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Jason
Then, Tiffany and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to William
Then Vanessa and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Justin
Afterwards Bryan and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a bone to Benjamin
Then, Ashley and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the garden. Ashley gave a ring to Samantha
Then, Kenneth and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to William
Then Jamie and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and David gave a drink to Paul
Then Robert and Erica had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Kenneth
Then, Megan and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden. Thomas wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then, Lindsey and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Andrew
Then, Matthew and Christina were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
After the lunch Steven and Kenneth went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards, Brian and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a kiss to Sara
Then in the morning, Danielle and Christina went to the hospital. Danielle gave a bone to Nicole
Then in the morning, Samuel and Ryan were working at the hospital. Samuel decided to give a basketball to Mark
Then Jesse and Katie had a lot of fun at the station, and Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
After the lunch Michelle and Brandon went to the house, and Brandon gave a necklace to Heather
Friends separated at birth Lauren and Lindsey found a kiss at the store. Lauren gave it to Jennifer
Afterwards, Eric and Matthew went to the hospital. Matthew gave a bone to Kyle
Then Laura and Thomas were working at the store, and Thomas decided to give a drink to Erica
Then Lindsay and Daniel were working at the station, and Daniel decided to give a basketball to Ryan
Then Laura and Elizabeth were working at the garden, and Elizabeth decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Afterwards, Justin and Travis went to the office. Travis gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then, Erin and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a basketball to Kristen
Then, Christine and Steven were working at the store. Christine decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Then Brian and Tyler had a lot of fun at the school, and Tyler gave a ring to Anthony
After the lunch Shannon and Kenneth went to the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Paul
The local big restaurant Samuel and Adam went to had a bone. Samuel gave it to Charles
While spending time together Amy and Steven were commuting to the hospital, Amy gave a bone to Allison
After the lunch, Matthew and Amber went to the store. Amber gave a snack to Lisa
Then Benjamin and Nicholas were working at the house, and Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Tiffany and Danielle were working at the restaurant. Danielle decided to give a bone to Amber
Then Brandon and Brian had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brandon gave a computer to Melissa
Then Sarah and Thomas were working at the station, and Sarah decided to give a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch, Stephen and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a drink to Kelly
Then Jason and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
When soon afterwards Kimberly and Nicholas got a basketball at the school, Kimberly decided to give it to Eric
Then Joseph and Anthony went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to Stephanie
Then Gregory and Steven were thinking about going to the store, and Gregory wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Brandon and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Amanda
Then, Sara and Adam went to the station. Adam gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Jonathan and Brittany had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Steven
Then Michael and Aaron had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Afterwards, Erin and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Michelle and Stephanie were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a drink to Laura
Then, Sara and Michael had a lot of fun at the office. Michael gave a ring to Jamie
Afterwards Adam and Benjamin went to the school, and Benjamin gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Justin and Kyle were working at the station. Kyle decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Jeffrey and Jonathan were thinking about going to the office. Jeffrey wanted to give a snack to Nicole
After the lunch, Amber and Kimberly went to the store. Kimberly gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Lindsey and Kenneth were working at the restaurant. Kenneth decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then in the morning, Bryan and Lisa were thinking about going to the house. Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Friends separated at birth Erin and Samuel found a bone at the house. Erin gave it to Jennifer
Afterwards, Lauren and Alicia went to the garden. Alicia gave a drink to Michelle
The local big house Crystal and Erica went to had a kiss. Crystal gave it to Christina
Then Sean and Erica were thinking about going to the garden, and Erica wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Afterwards Megan and Thomas went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a basketball to Courtney
Then, Eric and Alexander had a long argument and after that Eric said to Jason
Then, Samuel and Christine had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Stephanie
Then Kimberly and James had a lot of fun at the school, and James gave a ring to William
Then, Tiffany and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Eric
Then, Jesse and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
While spending time together Jason and Charles were working at the house, Jason gave a computer to Cody
Afterwards John and Kristen went to the hospital, and John gave a drink to Mary
Then, Lisa and Amy were thinking about going to the school. Lisa wanted to give a computer to Bradley
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Jessica had a lot of fun at the store. Jeremy gave a snack to Jacob
Then Shannon and Brian were thinking about going to the store, and Brian wanted to give a kiss to Brittany
Then, Lisa and Tyler were thinking about going to the store. Lisa wanted to give a ring to Alexander
Afterwards Megan and Benjamin went to the station, and Benjamin gave a ring to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, Samantha and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Vanessa
Then, John and Nathan had a long argument and after that John said to Patrick
Then, Nathan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the school. Nathan wanted to give a bone to Amy
While spending time together Christina and James were working at the store, Christina gave a necklace to Jacob
Then, Patrick and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a drink to Brittany
Then Vanessa and Sean were working at the hospital, and Sean decided to give a necklace to Aaron
While spending time together Eric and Samuel were commuting to the garden, Eric gave a snack to Jose
Then, Rebecca and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Benjamin
Then Stephanie and Jason were working at the hospital, and Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then in the morning, Lauren and Erin had a lot of fun at the garden. Lauren gave a basketball to Richard
Then, Katie and Adam were thinking about going to the house. Katie wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then Jesse and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to William
Then in the morning afterwards, Brian and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Robert
Then Ryan and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Justin
Then Kelly and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Kimberly
Afterwards David and Samantha went to the station, and David gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Stephen and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Christine
Then Travis and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Travis gave a snack to Vanessa
Then, Bryan and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Joseph
After the lunch Angela and Michelle went to the school, and Michelle gave a bone to Nathan
Then, Lisa and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden. Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then, Patrick and Scott were working at the hospital. Patrick decided to give a computer to Courtney
After the lunch, Bryan and Michael went to the house. Bryan gave a drink to Sara
Then in the morning, Timothy and Jennifer were thinking about going to the office. Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
After the lunch, Amanda and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a ring to Nathan
Then in the morning, Paul and Melissa were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then Christopher and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Samantha
Then in the morning afterwards, Shannon and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Brittany
After the lunch, Tiffany and Sara went to the store. Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
After the lunch Kelly and Rachel went to the school, and Kelly gave a ring to Adam
Then in the morning, Kristen and Sean were working at the hospital. Kristen decided to give a basketball to Stephanie
Then Alexander and John had a long argument, and after that John said to Joshua
Then Kenneth and Jamie went to the store, and Jamie gave a snack to Katie
Then, Kyle and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office. Andrew gave a kiss to Laura
Then, Jeremy and Travis were thinking about going to the store. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Cody and William had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Christine
After the lunch, Eric and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a bone to Ashley
Then Katie and Adam were thinking about going to the house, and Katie wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
While spending time together Joshua and Tyler were working at the office, Joshua gave a snack to Katherine
Then in the morning, Joshua and Rachel were thinking about going to the restaurant. Joshua wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then, Brian and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the store. Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Afterwards, Jose and Alicia went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Stephen and John went to the hospital. Stephen gave a bone to Anthony
After the lunch Bradley and Robert went to the station, and Robert gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Joshua and Brittany were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Paul and Rachel went to the store. Paul gave a snack to Brittany
When soon afterwards Katherine and Eric got a necklace at the store, Katherine decided to give the necklace to Lindsey
Then Kyle and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Gregory
Then David and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Amber
Afterwards Aaron and Megan went to the garden, and Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then, Samantha and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a kiss to Amanda
Then, Bryan and Danielle were working at the store. Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then Katherine and Travis had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Amber
Afterwards Kristen and Benjamin went to the store, and Kristen gave a computer to Michael
Then Jonathan and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Bryan
While spending time together Stephanie and Courtney were commuting to the school, Stephanie gave a snack to Alexander
Then, Alicia and Brian went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Jason and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Daniel
Then, Jamie and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant. David gave a drink to Paul
Then, John and Jamie had a lot of fun at the restaurant. John gave a necklace to Timothy
Then Lindsey and Mark had a long argument, and after that Mark said to Dustin
Afterwards, Kenneth and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a drink to Andrew
Then, Jamie and Andrew went to the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Aaron and Steven went to the station, and Steven gave a computer to Christina
Afterwards, while spending time together Samuel and Charles went to the station. Samuel gave a ring to Christopher
Then in the morning, Dustin and Daniel were thinking about going to the hospital. Dustin wanted to give a computer to Eric
Then Mary and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Patrick
After the lunch, Lindsay and Bryan went to the store. Bryan gave a snack to Patrick
After the lunch, Nathan and Shannon went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then Jesse and Angela had a lot of fun at the school, and Angela gave a basketball to Danielle
Afterwards Tyler and Melissa went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Erin and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Erin and Katherine went to the store. Erin gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards Gregory and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a bone to Richard
Then Joseph and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Nicole
After the lunch Courtney and Crystal went to the restaurant, and Crystal gave a basketball to Alexander
Then, Tiffany and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch, Scott and Ashley went to the school. Scott gave a ring to Lindsay
Friends separated at birth Danielle and Jose found a kiss at the house. Danielle gave it to Kevin
After the lunch Courtney and Sarah went to the restaurant, and Sarah gave a bone to Robert
Afterwards, Alicia and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Friends separated at birth Andrew and Amanda found a ring at the restaurant. Andrew gave it to Aaron
After the lunch, Sarah and Nicholas went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Vanessa and Mark had a lot of fun at the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to Andrew
When soon afterwards William and Christopher got a snack at the garden, William decided to give it to Amber
Then Justin and Erin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Justin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
While spending time together John and Amy were working at the garden, John gave a bone to Patrick
Then Matthew and Christina had a lot of fun at the office, and Christina gave a computer to Mark
Afterwards, Jessica and Brandon went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Jennifer and Kyle had a lot of fun at the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch in the afternoon, Angela and Amanda went to the hospital. Angela gave a computer to Michael
Then Charles and Brittany were working at the restaurant, and Brittany decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Megan and Brian were working at the station. Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then Jesse and Megan were working at the school, and Megan decided to give a ring to Michael
Then, William and Lisa went to the restaurant. William gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Daniel and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a drink to Ashley
Then, Lindsey and Angela were thinking about going to the station. Angela wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then Christine and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house, and Matthew gave a necklace to Scott
Then Jessica and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Jamie
After taking a long break Eric and Tyler went to the store, Eric gave a bone to Bryan
Then Amber and Jose were thinking about going to the garden, and Jose wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then, Eric and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a ring to Kelly
Then Brandon and Aaron went to the store, and Aaron gave a ring to Eric
Then Tyler and Kyle had a lot of fun at the house, and Kyle gave a bone to Katie
Afterwards Jeremy and Rachel went to the station, and Jeremy gave a snack to Kenneth
After the lunch Angela and Katherine went to the school, and Katherine gave a snack to David
Then, Charles and Brittany were working at the restaurant. Brittany decided to give a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, Michael and Bryan went to the station. Michael gave a bone to Benjamin
While spending time together Katherine and Andrew were working at the store, Katherine gave a basketball to Jeffrey
While spending time together Matthew and Cody were working at the station, Matthew gave a necklace to Amanda
Then Jennifer and Emily had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Ryan
Then, Daniel and Christina had a long argument and after that Christina said to Nicole
Then Crystal and Bryan went to the store, and Bryan gave a basketball to Amber
Afterwards, Crystal and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a ring to Emily
After the lunch Nathan and Lauren went to the hospital, and Lauren gave a basketball to Robert
After the lunch Richard and Jose went to the house, and Richard gave a necklace to Patrick
Then Jacob and Alicia were working at the office, and Alicia decided to give a bone to John
Then Ashley and Kenneth were working at the station, and Ashley decided to give a drink to Erin
Then, Christina and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a snack to Alicia
The local big house Jamie and Jason went to had a basketball. Jamie gave it to Jennifer
After the lunch, Aaron and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Amber
While spending time together Mary and James were working at the house, Mary gave a computer to Robert
Then, Amanda and Anthony went to the hospital. Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Afterwards Melissa and Tiffany went to the house, and Melissa gave a kiss to Mark
Then, Melissa and Angela were thinking about going to the restaurant. Angela wanted to give a bone to Scott
Then Erica and Michael were working at the office, and Michael decided to give a kiss to Amanda
Then, Shannon and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to David
Then Lindsey and Lisa were thinking about going to the house, and Lisa wanted to give a ring to Patrick
Then, Jason and Gregory were thinking about going to the office. Jason wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then Aaron and Travis went to the school, and Aaron gave a bone to Patrick
Then Kristen and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Sara
After the lunch Jessica and Alexander went to the restaurant, and Jessica gave a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch Rachel and Jonathan went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a snack to Brandon
Then Sarah and Nathan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sarah gave a ring to Richard
After the lunch, Travis and Brian went to the school. Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Ashley and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Stephen
Afterwards Kenneth and Dustin went to the station, and Kenneth gave a bone to Cody
Then Andrea and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Jason
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsey and John had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Kyle
When soon afterwards Michael and John got a basketball at the restaurant, Michael decided to give the basketball to Dustin
Then, Jacob and Brandon were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jacob wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then, Alexander and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Alexander said to Christopher
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jose and Jason went to the office. Jose gave a ring to Rebecca
Then Dustin and Charles were working at the hospital, and Charles decided to give a bone to Jennifer
After the lunch Kevin and Samantha went to the hospital, and Samantha gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Kelly and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the house. Kelly gave a snack to Ashley
Then Robert and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Sarah
The local big school Amy and Nicole went to had a bone. Amy gave it to Anthony
Then Tiffany and Michael went to the school, and Michael gave a drink to Lisa
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Mark had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Jacob
Then, Kenneth and Nicole were thinking about going to the station. Nicole wanted to give a bone to Alicia
After the lunch Kelly and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Jeremy gave a ring to Richard
Then, Steven and Elizabeth were working at the station. Elizabeth decided to give a computer to Courtney
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsay and Kristen went to the school. Lindsay gave a snack to William
Then, Nicole and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Scott gave a computer to Jason
Then Joshua and Ryan were thinking about going to the garden, and Joshua wanted to give a snack to Nathan
After the lunch Bradley and Heather went to the station, and Bradley gave a computer to Sarah
Then, Danielle and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Nathan
Then Courtney and Lindsay were thinking about going to the hospital, and Courtney wanted to give a necklace to Heather
Then Mark and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Mark said to Lauren
Afterwards, Anthony and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Ryan and Daniel had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Christina
Then, Heather and Robert were thinking about going to the restaurant. Heather wanted to give a ring to Samantha
Then Mark and Brian had a lot of fun at the station, and Mark gave a necklace to Michelle
While spending time together Kenneth and Jonathan were working at the station, Kenneth gave a snack to Joshua
Then, Erica and Matthew had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Erica gave a ring to Eric
Then in the morning, James and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jacob
Then, Daniel and Jonathan were working at the hospital. Jonathan decided to give a computer to Patrick
Then Laura and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Sarah
Afterwards Gregory and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
Then, Jonathan and Matthew had a lot of fun at the hospital. Matthew gave a bone to Tyler
Then Katie and Danielle had a lot of fun at the school, and Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Then Danielle and Paul were thinking about going to the office, and Danielle wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
After the lunch Michael and Erin went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Samuel and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Samuel gave a snack to Timothy
Then Kevin and Rachel were thinking about going to the school, and Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Ryan and Joshua were thinking about going to the garden. Joshua wanted to give a snack to Nathan
Then, Stephen and Amy were working at the restaurant. Stephen decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then Christopher and David had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Brittany
Then, Brittany and Brandon were thinking about going to the house. Brittany wanted to give a computer to John
After the lunch, Amy and Joshua went to the store. Amy gave a snack to John
Then, Vanessa and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Jonathan
Afterwards, while spending time together Tyler and Kevin went to the school. Tyler gave a snack to Anthony
When soon afterwards Jessica and Lisa got a snack at the office, Jessica decided to give it to Robert
Then, Laura and Amy had a long argument and after that Laura said to Michelle
Then, Crystal and Jamie were working at the hospital. Crystal decided to give a computer to Danielle
Afterwards Jennifer and Michael went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then Tyler and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Jason
After the lunch, Michael and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a ring to Nicholas
Then, Rachel and Paul went to the store. Paul gave a snack to Brittany
Then, Vanessa and Jacob went to the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to Adam
Then, Amanda and Mark were working at the station. Mark decided to give a bone to Nathan
After taking a long break Stephen and Lindsay went to the office, Stephen gave a necklace to Samantha
Then Brittany and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Erin said to Travis
Then Lindsay and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Anthony
Afterwards, Dustin and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards, Erin and Allison went to the school. Erin gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, Lindsey and Justin went to the garden. Lindsey gave a necklace to Nicholas
Afterwards, Joshua and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a bone to Lisa
Then Gregory and Jason were thinking about going to the office, and Jason wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Bryan got a ring at the store, Lindsay decided to give the ring to Angela
After taking a long break Matthew and Kimberly went to the office, Matthew gave a computer to Patrick
Then Heather and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a basketball to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Brandon and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Lisa
Then Gregory and Shannon were working at the store, and Gregory decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then Brandon and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Brandon gave a drink to Courtney
Then Timothy and William went to the hospital, and Timothy gave a necklace to Kevin
Then, Charles and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Then Jonathan and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Bradley and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to Shannon
Then, Rachel and John had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Kyle
Afterwards Brandon and Jessica went to the office, and Jessica gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Kelly and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a snack to Katie
Then Ashley and Kimberly were thinking about going to the house, and Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then Alicia and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Steven
Then, Brian and Christina had a long argument and after that Christina said to Kenneth
Then, Erica and Amanda were working at the store. Amanda decided to give a kiss to Laura
After the lunch, Mary and Timothy went to the store. Mary gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Daniel and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Daniel said to Dustin
Then Tyler and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Laura
After the lunch, Jeremy and Katherine went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards, Kelly and Christopher went to the office. Kelly gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, while spending time together Erica and Christopher went to the office. Erica gave a kiss to Brian
Then Robert and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
After the lunch, Melissa and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a drink to Mary
After the lunch Amanda and Ashley went to the garden, and Ashley gave a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch, Stephanie and Dustin went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a necklace to Richard
Afterwards, Paul and Jacob went to the station. Jacob gave a basketball to Tyler
After the lunch Lauren and Eric went to the house, and Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
After the lunch, Andrew and William went to the station. William gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Crystal and Nicole were thinking about going to the store. Nicole wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
When soon afterwards Christine and Sean got a basketball at the hospital, Christine decided to give it to Katherine
Then Kenneth and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
After the lunch Michelle and Andrea went to the garden, and Andrea gave a snack to Bryan
Then Ashley and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house, and Tyler gave a computer to Tiffany
Then Michelle and Sarah went to the garden, and Sarah gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Andrea and Alicia went to the office. Alicia gave a computer to Erin
Then Tiffany and Ashley had a lot of fun at the garden, and Ashley gave a ring to Samantha
Then Christina and Megan went to the office, and Megan gave a computer to Heather
After the lunch, Patrick and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a necklace to Eric
Then, Adam and Joshua had a long argument and after that Adam said to Lindsey
Then, Vanessa and Bradley had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Katie
Then Christina and David had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Afterwards, Jose and Tiffany went to the station. Tiffany gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Tyler and William had a long argument and after that William said to Justin
Then Brian and Andrea had a lot of fun at the office, and Andrea gave a ring to Amanda
Then Amanda and Steven had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Shannon
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Lauren went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a snack to Cody
Then Christina and Justin went to the station, and Christina gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Then Gregory and Jose were thinking about going to the store, and Gregory wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Then, Jonathan and Samantha went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then Vanessa and David had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
Then, Jacob and Vanessa went to the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to Adam
Then, Lindsay and Alicia were working at the store. Alicia decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Dustin and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Anthony
Then Brandon and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Lindsey
Then, Kelly and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Amber
The local big station Daniel and Brittany went to had a basketball. Daniel gave it to John
The local big house Paul and Joseph went to had a drink. Paul gave it to Jonathan
Then, Jessica and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Thomas gave a ring to Angela
Then in the morning, Angela and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Emily
Afterwards Kevin and Katie went to the hospital, and Katie gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Christina and David had a long argument and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Then Eric and Nicole were working at the school, and Eric decided to give a computer to Angela
Then, Christopher and Mark had a lot of fun at the store. Mark gave a snack to Jose
Then, Joseph and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Nicole
Afterwards, Aaron and Jason went to the garden. Jason gave a basketball to Stephen
Then in the morning, Bradley and Robert were thinking about going to the school. Bradley wanted to give a necklace to Tyler
Then, Joseph and Michelle had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michelle gave a necklace to Melissa
Then Jesse and Brandon went to the store, and Brandon gave a kiss to Allison
Then, Benjamin and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Daniel
After taking a long break Timothy and Kenneth went to the office, Timothy gave a bone to Lauren
Then, Jacob and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a kiss to Andrea
Afterwards Jose and Shannon went to the garden, and Shannon gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Melissa and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Amber
Then, James and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the school. James gave a ring to William
Then Tiffany and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Alicia
Then Jesse and Sean had a lot of fun at the station, and Sean gave a necklace to Mary
Afterwards, Eric and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, Lisa and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Gregory and Jason were thinking about going to the office. Jason wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then, Tiffany and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Alicia
Then Jose and Lisa went to the garden, and Lisa gave a snack to Kelly
Then Mark and Gregory were working at the office, and Mark decided to give a ring to Charles
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and Cody went to the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to Robert
Afterwards Travis and Justin went to the office, and Travis gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then, Andrew and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Nathan gave a basketball to Ryan
While spending time together Cody and Jonathan were working at the station, Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Brian and William had a long argument and after that William said to Christine
Then, Jeffrey and Kevin were working at the school. Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Charles and Amber went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, Andrew and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a computer to Kevin
Then, Jonathan and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a computer to Christine
Then, Dustin and Melissa were thinking about going to the station. Dustin wanted to give a snack to David
Then Laura and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Jacob
Then, James and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amy and Lindsey went to the station. Amy gave a necklace to Christine
Then Dustin and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Dustin wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
After the lunch Rachel and Eric went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Michael
After taking a long break Tiffany and Steven went to the hospital, Tiffany gave a drink to Nicholas
After taking a long break John and Jeremy went to the store, John gave a snack to Nathan
When soon afterwards Joshua and Eric got a kiss at the hospital, Joshua decided to give the kiss to Jesse
After the lunch Brian and Lindsay went to the school, and Lindsay gave a snack to Michael
After the lunch, Kyle and Lindsey went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch, Christine and Kristen went to the store. Christine gave a ring to Heather
Afterwards Nathan and Jeffrey went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a computer to Mary
Then Kristen and Michelle were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a drink to Laura
Then, Jessica and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then in the morning, Gregory and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Samantha
Then Paul and Melissa were thinking about going to the school, and Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Lisa and William went to the restaurant. William gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Lauren and Elizabeth were working at the house, and Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Richard
Then Nicholas and Jose were working at the garden, and Jose decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then Sean and Laura had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Alicia
Then Andrea and William were thinking about going to the school, and William wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then John and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a bone to Anthony
Then in the morning, Patrick and Laura were working at the restaurant. Patrick decided to give a drink to Sara
Afterwards, Eric and Tyler went to the office. Eric gave a drink to Sara
Friends separated at birth Amber and Jennifer found a bone at the hospital. Amber gave it to Andrea
Then David and Bryan had a lot of fun at the office, and Bryan gave a basketball to Sara
While spending time together Jeremy and Kevin were working at the house, Jeremy gave a necklace to Erica
Friends separated at birth Erin and Ashley found a necklace at the store. Erin gave it to Jessica
Then Danielle and Bryan were working at the store, and Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then Lindsay and Christopher had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Samuel
Then, Kyle and Aaron were working at the restaurant. Aaron decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then Kristen and John went to the restaurant, and John gave a bone to Lisa
Then Lauren and Michael were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Michael wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
After the lunch Elizabeth and Steven went to the station, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Kevin
Then Jeffrey and Katherine went to the office, and Katherine gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Travis and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Benjamin
Then Justin and Allison were thinking about going to the house, and Allison wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Then, Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Jacob
Then in the morning, Emily and Cody had a lot of fun at the hospital. Emily gave a ring to David
After taking a long break Jamie and Kyle went to the office, Jamie gave a necklace to Shannon
After the lunch Jeffrey and Jeremy went to the garden, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Charles
Afterwards, Jamie and Mary went to the station. Jamie gave a necklace to Christina
Then Alexander and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Benjamin
Then Samantha and Nicholas went to the restaurant, and Nicholas gave a necklace to Christina
Afterwards, Shannon and Jose went to the garden. Shannon gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Allison and John had a lot of fun at the hospital. Allison gave a necklace to Benjamin
Then Stephanie and Stephen were thinking about going to the school, and Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
After the lunch Christine and Robert went to the store, and Robert gave a drink to Richard
Then in the morning, Emily and Jennifer were working at the house. Emily decided to give a ring to Bryan
After the lunch, Katherine and Jeremy went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Kristen and Jason were thinking about going to the office, and Kristen wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then, Jacob and Matthew were working at the restaurant. Matthew decided to give a bone to Jonathan
After the lunch, Angela and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a kiss to Rachel
When soon afterwards Rachel and Christina got a snack at the office, Rachel decided to give it to Courtney
Then Andrew and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then Kelly and Amber were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Amber wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Aaron and Allison had a lot of fun at the garden. Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
Afterwards, Mary and Adam went to the school. Mary gave a ring to Katherine
Then Dustin and Sarah had a long argument, and after that Sarah said to Kimberly
Then, Kimberly and Ashley were thinking about going to the house. Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
After the lunch Gregory and Paul went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a necklace to Kyle
After taking a long break Courtney and Sean went to the garden, Courtney gave a basketball to Nicholas
After the lunch, Vanessa and Steven went to the hospital. Steven gave a necklace to Travis
Then Crystal and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the house, and Jeffrey gave a ring to Matthew
Afterwards, Andrea and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to Anthony
After the lunch Eric and Rachel went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then in the morning, Alicia and Tiffany were working at the station. Alicia decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then Christopher and Michelle were thinking about going to the store, and Christopher wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then Laura and Sean had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Alicia
The local big restaurant Lisa and Allison went to had a kiss. Lisa gave it to Joseph
After the lunch Ryan and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Ryan gave a bone to Danielle
While spending time together Amy and Ryan were working at the office, Amy gave a snack to Kimberly
Then Lindsey and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Katherine
Afterwards Jessica and Jeffrey went to the office, and Jessica gave a snack to Robert
Afterwards Allison and Erin went to the school, and Erin gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Robert and James went to the hospital. Robert gave a ring to Travis
Then Dustin and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Travis
Then in the morning, Nathan and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Benjamin
Then, Jessica and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital. Heather wanted to give a basketball to Allison
Then, Kyle and Thomas went to the office. Thomas gave a ring to Travis
Then, William and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a necklace to Kevin
Then, Gregory and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a basketball to Robert
Then, Richard and Amy were thinking about going to the restaurant. Richard wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
The local big office James and Shannon went to had a drink. James gave it to Jeremy
Then, Andrew and Emily had a long argument and after that Andrew said to Erica
Afterwards Nicholas and Cody went to the house, and Cody gave a computer to Thomas
Then Lindsay and Paul had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Daniel
Afterwards William and Andrea went to the garden, and Andrea gave a basketball to Stephen
Then Steven and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Angela
Then Brittany and Alicia had a lot of fun at the school, and Alicia gave a drink to Stephen
Then, Jeremy and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Mary
Then, Adam and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a ring to Mark
Then, Jeffrey and Michelle had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Nicole
Then, Melissa and Dustin were thinking about going to the station. Dustin wanted to give a snack to David
Then, Bryan and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden. Bryan wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then, Andrew and Jeremy were thinking about going to the house. Jeremy wanted to give a computer to Robert
Then in the morning, John and Michael went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Jacob and Samantha were working at the school, and Samantha decided to give a ring to David
Then Nathan and John had a long argument, and after that John said to Patrick
Then, Nicholas and David went to the office. Nicholas gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Cody and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
After the lunch, Kristen and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a ring to Heather
While spending time together Joshua and Richard were working at the hospital, Joshua gave a computer to Jennifer
Then Lindsay and Gregory went to the station, and Gregory gave a computer to Katherine
Then, William and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a snack to Crystal
Then, Jacob and Alicia had a long argument and after that Jacob said to Dustin
Then, John and Rachel were working at the garden. Rachel decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then Amber and Mark were working at the school, and Amber decided to give a basketball to David
Then Bryan and David were working at the hospital, and Bryan decided to give a snack to Joseph
Then Mark and Amanda were working at the station, and Mark decided to give a bone to Nathan
Then Aaron and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office, and Thomas gave a ring to Jonathan
After the lunch, William and Andrew went to the station. William gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Ryan and Travis were working at the store, and Travis decided to give a snack to Mary
Then, John and Jessica had a long argument and after that John said to Jacob
While spending time together Andrew and Ashley were working at the station, Andrew gave a snack to Bradley
Then, Kristen and Jennifer were working at the store. Kristen decided to give a snack to Lisa
Then in the morning, Samantha and Sarah had a lot of fun at the house. Samantha gave a bone to John
After the lunch, Megan and Richard went to the store. Megan gave a bone to Mary
Then Thomas and Jamie had a lot of fun at the store, and Jamie gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then, David and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house. Stephanie wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
Afterwards Erin and Allison went to the school, and Erin gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch, Heather and Christine went to the hospital. Heather gave a necklace to Christina
Then Alexander and Crystal had a lot of fun at the school, and Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then Christine and Bradley were working at the hospital, and Christine decided to give a basketball to Courtney
Then, Rebecca and Joseph were thinking about going to the hospital. Joseph wanted to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Lindsay and Samantha had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
Then Paul and Emily went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a necklace to Travis
Then Charles and Alexander were working at the school, and Alexander decided to give a ring to Stephen
Then, Katherine and Travis had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Amber
After the lunch, Jamie and Ashley went to the house. Ashley gave a snack to Patrick
Then Jeffrey and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Charles
Then, Allison and Sean were working at the store. Sean decided to give a bone to Kenneth
While spending time together Ryan and Jeremy were commuting to the hospital, Ryan gave a computer to Erin
Then Adam and Gregory were working at the store, and Gregory decided to give a drink to Stephanie
Then Christine and Justin were working at the hospital, and Justin decided to give a basketball to Andrew
Then Nicole and Kenneth were thinking about going to the station, and Nicole wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then Jose and Adam went to the school, and Adam gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Elizabeth and Erica were working at the restaurant, and Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Christina
Then Amber and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Sarah said to Kelly
After the lunch Katherine and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a bone to Lindsey
After the lunch, Eric and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Then in the morning afterwards, Rachel and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Stephanie
Then Bryan and Alicia were thinking about going to the station, and Alicia wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
Then, Jeremy and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then Shannon and Mary went to the hospital, and Mary gave a necklace to Bryan
Then, Mark and Tyler were working at the garden. Mark decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then, Bradley and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a bone to Shannon
Afterwards, Charles and Steven went to the office. Steven gave a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Matthew and Eric went to the hospital, and Eric gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Gregory and Kevin were thinking about going to the school. Kevin wanted to give a ring to Jesse
After the lunch, Anthony and Melissa went to the station. Melissa gave a drink to Vanessa
Then Vanessa and Kevin went to the school, and Kevin gave a necklace to Joseph
Then Amanda and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Erin
Afterwards, Vanessa and Heather went to the store. Heather gave a necklace to Jose
Then, Bryan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the office. Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Kimberly
After the lunch, Jennifer and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to Shannon
Afterwards, Scott and Mary went to the office. Scott gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Emily and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Lindsay
Then, Andrea and Jesse had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning, Kelly and Michelle had a lot of fun at the garden. Kelly gave a kiss to Jessica
Then in the morning, Timothy and Emily went to the office. Timothy gave a basketball to Joseph
After the lunch, Jennifer and Lauren went to the station. Jennifer gave a basketball to Lindsey
Then Aaron and Michelle were thinking about going to the garden, and Michelle wanted to give a snack to Katherine
Then Katie and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Katherine
Then Steven and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Shannon
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Steven went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a snack to Joseph
Then Crystal and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Travis
Then, Ryan and Richard had a long argument and after that Richard said to Christopher
Then, Samuel and Jennifer were working at the store. Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then Eric and Joshua were working at the hospital, and Eric decided to give a computer to Anthony
After the lunch in the afternoon, Shannon and Alicia went to the school. Shannon gave a snack to Brandon
Then, Vanessa and Amanda had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Erin
Then, Gregory and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to David
Then Andrew and Laura had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Laura gave a computer to Emily
Then Nicole and Bradley went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then in the morning, Paul and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Katie
Then in the morning, Cody and Anthony went to the store. Cody gave a ring to Lindsay
Then Anthony and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Then Lauren and David were thinking about going to the restaurant, and David wanted to give a ring to Megan
Then Thomas and Aaron had a lot of fun at the office, and Thomas gave a ring to Jonathan
While spending time together James and Megan were commuting to the house, James gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Emily and Jacob had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Emily gave a ring to David
Then Samantha and Joshua went to the house, and Joshua gave a kiss to Amanda
Then, Sara and Stephen were working at the hospital. Stephen decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Brian and Sean were thinking about going to the store. Brian wanted to give a necklace to Travis
Then Kevin and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden, and Kristen wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Then, Elizabeth and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a kiss to Travis
Then David and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Brittany
Then, Tyler and Melissa went to the office. Melissa gave a necklace to Sara
After the lunch in the afternoon, Stephanie and Christine went to the store. Stephanie gave a kiss to Rebecca
Then Alexander and Charles were working at the school, and Alexander decided to give a ring to Stephen
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jennifer and David went to the house. Jennifer gave a basketball to Amy
Then Richard and Sean were working at the store, and Sean decided to give a snack to Vanessa
After the lunch, Brandon and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a snack to Joseph
Then, Shannon and Kristen were working at the office. Kristen decided to give a ring to Amber
Then Jeremy and James had a lot of fun at the office, and Jeremy gave a basketball to John
When soon afterwards Sara and Vanessa got a necklace at the school, Sara decided to give it to Jamie
When soon afterwards Nicole and Ashley got a necklace at the school, Nicole decided to give it to Jacob
After the lunch, Richard and Bradley went to the restaurant. Richard gave a ring to Sara
Then Courtney and Samantha went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Sean and Robert had a lot of fun at the hospital. Robert gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Steven and Andrea had a long argument and after that Steven said to Katie
Then, Mary and Jose went to the school. Jose gave a bone to Paul
Then, Travis and Katherine had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Amber
Then, Ashley and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Heather
Afterwards Jamie and Mark went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, Samuel and Scott went to the garden. Samuel gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Erica and Bradley had a long argument and after that Bradley said to Kelly
Then, Brandon and Erin were thinking about going to the store. Erin wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then, Emily and Matthew were working at the school. Matthew decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Jessica and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Erica
Then, Alexander and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Amber
Then Courtney and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Samantha
Then Joshua and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station, and Ashley gave a kiss to Laura
While spending time together Mary and James were working at the store, Mary gave a computer to Amy
Then, William and Jonathan were thinking about going to the school. Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
Then, Ryan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Ryan gave a bone to Erica
After the lunch Andrew and Sarah went to the store, and Andrew gave a basketball to David
After taking a long break Lindsay and Jesse went to the house, Lindsay gave a basketball to David
Then Travis and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Travis wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
After the lunch Kristen and Aaron went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Amber
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Kelly had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a snack to Thomas
Then, Michael and Jacob were working at the office. Jacob decided to give a ring to Heather
Then Anthony and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Robert
Then Jessica and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Anthony and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then Elizabeth and Laura were working at the garden, and Elizabeth decided to give a necklace to Andrea
After taking a long break Courtney and Crystal went to the hospital, Courtney gave a drink to Allison
Then Kristen and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Kristen decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then, Kyle and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden. Kyle gave a drink to Lisa
Afterwards, Kimberly and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a basketball to Mark
After taking a long break Sean and Jacob went to the house, Sean gave a bone to Charles
After the lunch, Sara and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Eric and Lisa had a long argument. Afterwards Lisa said to Laura
Then, Heather and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a snack to Patrick
Afterwards Jonathan and Kevin went to the house, and Kevin gave a drink to Charles
Then, Scott and Melissa were thinking about going to the store. Melissa wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then, Laura and Andrew had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Laura gave a computer to Emily
Then, Jamie and Samantha had a lot of fun at the house. Samantha gave a bone to John
Afterwards Samuel and Jessica went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then in the morning afterwards, Christopher and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Joshua
Then, Nicole and Michelle were working at the station. Nicole decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then, Lisa and Sara had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Joseph
Then Alicia and Emily were thinking about going to the office, and Emily wanted to give a kiss to Erica
Then Rebecca and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Christopher and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Erin
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Lindsay
Then, Jonathan and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden. Kevin wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then, Thomas and Andrew were thinking about going to the hospital. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Megan and Jesse were working at the school. Megan decided to give a ring to Michael
While spending time together Jason and Travis were commuting to the house, Jason gave a computer to David
Then Danielle and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Nathan
Then Nathan and Andrew had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Nathan gave a basketball to Ryan
Then, Ryan and Mark had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Sarah
After the lunch in the afternoon, Samantha and Richard went to the store. Samantha gave a computer to Robert
Then Shannon and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Allison
Then Nicole and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Jason
Then, Joshua and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to Katie
Afterwards Alicia and John went to the store, and Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
When soon afterwards Mark and William got a bone at the restaurant, Mark decided to give the bone to Kristen
Then Michael and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Michael gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Andrew and Jose had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jose gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Timothy and Michelle went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a bone to Jose
Friends separated at birth Rebecca and Benjamin found a necklace at the store. Rebecca gave it to Sara
Then James and Robert went to the hospital, and Robert gave a ring to Travis
Then Angela and Amber were working at the school, and Angela decided to give a basketball to Brandon
After the lunch, Kelly and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a necklace to Aaron
Then, Andrea and Michael went to the school. Andrea gave a snack to Christina
After the lunch Lisa and Jeffrey went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then Joshua and Adam were working at the store, and Joshua decided to give a snack to Anthony
Then, Joshua and Eric were working at the hospital. Eric decided to give a computer to Anthony
After the lunch, Kenneth and Timothy went to the school. Kenneth gave a computer to Lauren
Then Crystal and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Jesse
Then Katherine and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Lindsey
After the lunch, Lindsey and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch Shannon and Lindsay went to the house, and Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then Katie and William were thinking about going to the garden, and Katie wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then, Ryan and Benjamin were working at the restaurant. Benjamin decided to give a bone to Jonathan
After the lunch, Adam and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a necklace to Mary
After the lunch Shannon and Tyler went to the office, and Tyler gave a computer to Amy
Then, Jeremy and Charles had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Nicole
Then Bradley and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Jamie
Afterwards, Benjamin and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a computer to Michael
Then John and Adam were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a bone to Angela
Then in the morning, Katie and Alicia had a lot of fun at the garden. Katie gave a snack to Stephen
Then, Amanda and Matthew were thinking about going to the school. Matthew wanted to give a ring to Angela
While spending time together Jose and Lindsey were commuting to the restaurant, Jose gave a computer to Angela
Then, Michelle and Nicole were working at the station. Nicole decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then Kevin and Heather had a long argument, and afterwards Heather said to Elizabeth
Then, Jesse and Megan were working at the school. Megan decided to give a ring to Michael
After the lunch, Joseph and Amanda went to the store. Joseph gave a ring to Nathan
Then Travis and Sara had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Christopher
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Joshua
Then Travis and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Michael
Then, Amanda and Bryan went to the store. Amanda gave a basketball to Amy
Afterwards Robert and Stephanie went to the house, and Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Stephen and Stephanie were thinking about going to the school, and Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
Then Jeremy and Adam went to the office, and Adam gave a bone to Nicholas
Afterwards Crystal and Brian went to the garden, and Crystal gave a ring to Lindsay
Then, Travis and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Travis gave a snack to Vanessa
After the lunch, Charles and Joseph went to the office. Joseph gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then, Jennifer and Kristen were working at the house. Kristen decided to give a computer to Amy
Then in the morning, Brittany and Mark were thinking about going to the house. Brittany wanted to give a computer to John
Then Stephanie and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Gregory
Then in the morning, Michael and Erica were thinking about going to the office. Michael wanted to give a drink to Christina
Then Jacob and Emily had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Emily gave a ring to David
Then, Jesse and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Nicole
After the lunch, Paul and Heather went to the station. Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Brandon and James had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Gregory
Then, Matthew and James had a long argument and after that James said to David
Then in the morning, Cody and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Samuel
Afterwards, Jeremy and Rachel went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to Kenneth
Then Adam and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Jennifer
Then Elizabeth and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a kiss to Travis
Then Matthew and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Lindsey
Then Nicole and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Brian
Then Steven and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Stephanie
Then Sara and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Then, William and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Christine
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Patrick went to the school. Ryan gave a basketball to Dustin
Then James and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the garden, and Rebecca gave a necklace to Amy
Then, Amanda and Crystal had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Travis
Then, Tyler and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Laura
Afterwards Kevin and Jennifer went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Steven and William had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Lindsey
Then Scott and Lindsay were thinking about going to the garden, and Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Mark
Afterwards, Gregory and David went to the restaurant. David gave a computer to Angela
Then, Joshua and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station. Ashley gave a kiss to Laura
Then, Kyle and Mark went to the restaurant. Mark gave a kiss to Michelle
Then Kelly and Anthony went to the store, and Anthony gave a basketball to Kyle
Then Kenneth and Samantha had a lot of fun at the school, and Samantha gave a bone to Andrew
Afterwards Anthony and Shannon went to the school, and Shannon gave a ring to Andrew
After the lunch Stephen and Melissa went to the house, and Melissa gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch, Samuel and Ryan went to the store. Ryan gave a bone to Vanessa
Friends separated at birth Katie and Charles found a basketball at the house. Katie gave it to Eric
Then Jessica and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Samantha
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Jonathan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a kiss to Mark
Then Jessica and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Samuel gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Aaron and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Elizabeth and Angela went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Christine
Then Angela and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Megan wanted to give a bone to Jason
Then in the morning afterwards, Erica and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Rachel
Then Scott and Joshua went to the house, and Joshua gave a necklace to Samuel
After the lunch Lindsay and Bryan went to the restaurant, and Lindsay gave a bone to Shannon
Then Vanessa and Mark had a lot of fun at the garden, and Vanessa gave a kiss to Andrew
After the lunch, Rebecca and Kimberly went to the school. Rebecca gave a ring to Katherine
Then in the morning afterwards, Richard and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Sara
Then Lauren and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Michelle
Then, Joshua and Michelle were working at the restaurant. Michelle decided to give a kiss to David
Then in the morning, Sean and Lauren were working at the store. Sean decided to give a drink to Nicholas
After the lunch Samuel and Andrea went to the hospital, and Andrea gave a drink to Erin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Alicia and Jason went to the station. Alicia gave a kiss to Charles
After the lunch James and David went to the garden, and James gave a drink to Christina
Then Crystal and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Charles
Then Thomas and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Christine
Afterwards, while spending time together Richard and Katherine went to the store. Richard gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, Melissa and Emily were thinking about going to the office. Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then Kyle and Justin were working at the station, and Kyle decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Alicia and Sean were thinking about going to the hospital, and Alicia wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then, Allison and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Joseph
Then, Lindsay and Paul had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Daniel
Then, Travis and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to Kelly
Then Amber and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Lisa
Then Melissa and Tyler went to the office, and Melissa gave a necklace to Sara
Afterwards, Crystal and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch Joseph and Amanda went to the store, and Joseph gave a ring to Nathan
Then Tiffany and Nathan were thinking about going to the school, and Nathan wanted to give a bone to Amy
Then Bryan and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Jeremy
After taking a long break Jessica and Elizabeth went to the restaurant, Jessica gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Sarah and Ryan were thinking about going to the office, and Sarah wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Ryan and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the school, and Ryan gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Danielle and Paul were thinking about going to the office. Danielle wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then, Mark and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Jamie
Then Scott and Matthew went to the hospital, and Scott gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Cody and Jose were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jose wanted to give a bone to Anthony
Then, Jessica and Anthony had a long argument and after that Anthony said to John
Afterwards Stephen and Tiffany went to the station, and Stephen gave a drink to Jacob
Then in the morning, Anthony and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to James
Then Steven and Christine were working at the store, and Christine decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Then Tiffany and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Anthony
Then Brian and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Stephanie
Then Gregory and Rebecca were working at the school, and Rebecca decided to give a necklace to Thomas
Then, Jesse and Angela had a lot of fun at the school. Angela gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Jennifer and Sean had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Dustin and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Bryan
Then Michael and Tiffany went to the school, and Michael gave a drink to Lisa
Then, Melissa and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Kevin
Then, Kelly and Jason had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Megan
Then, Tyler and Michelle were thinking about going to the hospital. Michelle wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then, Nicole and Patrick had a long argument and after that Patrick said to Brian
Then, Alexander and Jason had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alexander gave a bone to William
Then Crystal and Brittany had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Crystal gave a ring to Erica
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Jessica went to the hospital. Ryan gave a basketball to Danielle
Then Megan and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Cody
Afterwards, Richard and Kristen went to the restaurant. Kristen gave a necklace to Angela
Then, David and Steven were working at the garden. Steven decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Jeremy and Justin had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Kristen
Then, Paul and Nicholas had a long argument and after that Paul said to Jamie
Then Alicia and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Aaron
Then, Courtney and Nicholas were working at the office. Nicholas decided to give a necklace to Sarah
Then, Stephanie and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Jason
Then Justin and Jose went to the house, and Jose gave a bone to Jessica
Then Andrew and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Jeffrey
Afterwards, James and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Alexander and Charles were working at the school. Alexander decided to give a ring to Stephen
Then, Mark and Amanda were working at the station. Mark decided to give a bone to Nathan
Then Samuel and Kelly were working at the station, and Kelly decided to give a kiss to David
Then Paul and Michelle were working at the restaurant, and Michelle decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then, Amanda and Rachel were thinking about going to the station. Rachel wanted to give a necklace to Jose
After the lunch Samuel and Ryan went to the store, and Ryan gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Joshua and Eric were working at the hospital, and Eric decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then Gregory and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a basketball to Robert
Then Jessica and Laura had a lot of fun at the station, and Jessica gave a ring to Jacob
Then Lauren and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Lisa
Then, Michael and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Brandon and Eric went to the school, and Brandon gave a ring to Kelly
Then, Amber and Shannon were thinking about going to the house. Shannon wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Samantha and Kelly went to the garden, and Kelly gave a bone to Nathan
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Samuel
After the lunch, Jamie and Jennifer went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Laura and Lisa went to the station. Lisa gave a drink to Benjamin
Afterwards, Adam and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Melissa and Dustin were thinking about going to the office. Dustin wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then Sara and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Megan
Afterwards Nicole and Travis went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a drink to Richard
Then Sean and Steven had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Benjamin
Then, Ashley and Tyler had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Laura
Then, Michelle and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Stephanie
Then Andrea and William were working at the store, and Andrea decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
Then Erin and Alicia went to the station, and Alicia gave a drink to Kristen
Afterwards Anthony and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Richard and Christopher were thinking about going to the hospital, and Richard wanted to give a necklace to Megan
Then Jennifer and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Bradley
Afterwards, while spending time together Jamie and Kelly went to the station. Jamie gave a necklace to Mark
Then, Christopher and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then, William and Jeremy had a long argument and after that William said to Katherine
Afterwards Matthew and Christina went to the restaurant, and Christina gave a drink to Michael
After the lunch, Matthew and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a bone to Danielle
Then Jeremy and Christina had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Jeffrey
Then, Crystal and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Charles
While spending time together Tyler and Brian were commuting to the restaurant, Tyler gave a necklace to Travis
Then Jonathan and Mary had a long argument, and after that Mary said to Kimberly
Then, Amber and Joseph were thinking about going to the house. Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Jamie and Samantha had a lot of fun at the house, and Samantha gave a bone to John
Then, Katie and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Katherine
Then, Patrick and Tyler had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Eric
Then, Samuel and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Timothy
Then, Andrew and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Tyler
After the lunch Matthew and Amber went to the store, and Amber gave a snack to Lisa
While spending time together Nathan and Dustin were commuting to the hospital, Nathan gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Jesse and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Afterwards David and Gregory went to the restaurant, and David gave a computer to Angela
Then, Sara and Jeffrey went to the store. Sara gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Jacob and Scott were thinking about going to the office, and Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Friends separated at birth Sara and Andrea found a computer at the school. Sara gave it to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Daniel and Gregory went to the house. Daniel gave a ring to Alicia
Afterwards Jose and Alicia went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Paul and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a necklace to Thomas
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Andrew went to the store. Jennifer gave a computer to Jose
Then in the morning, Emily and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Matthew
Then Joshua and Heather went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a snack to Patrick
Then Kristen and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to James
Afterwards, Christopher and Jamie went to the restaurant. Jamie gave a necklace to Vanessa
Afterwards, while spending time together Adam and Robert went to the hospital. Adam gave a bone to Mark
Then in the morning, Eric and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the hospital. Eric gave a drink to Timothy
The local big house Courtney and Amy went to had a drink. Courtney gave it to Samantha
Then Brittany and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Joseph and Cody had a lot of fun at the garden. Cody gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Sarah and Crystal were thinking about going to the station. Crystal wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then, Steven and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Stephanie
Then, Jesse and Nicole were working at the house. Nicole decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then, Stephen and Christopher had a lot of fun at the school. Christopher gave a snack to Eric
Then, Katie and Elizabeth had a long argument and after that Elizabeth said to Kenneth
Then Courtney and Aaron went to the office, and Courtney gave a ring to Erin
While spending time together Vanessa and Elizabeth were commuting to the restaurant, Vanessa gave a computer to Lindsey
Then Jose and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Matthew
Then Michelle and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a bone to Nathan
Then, Steven and Michelle were working at the house. Michelle decided to give a bone to Cody
Then, James and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a bone to Jamie
When soon afterwards Bradley and Christopher got a computer at the house, Bradley decided to give the computer to Laura
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicole and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Jason
Then, Mary and Samuel went to the hospital. Mary gave a ring to Jacob
Afterwards, while spending time together Eric and Tyler went to the hospital. Eric gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Shannon and Mary went to the hospital. Mary gave a necklace to Bryan
Afterwards, Christopher and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Afterwards Laura and Charles went to the garden, and Charles gave a snack to Jason
Then, Bradley and Christine were working at the hospital. Christine decided to give a basketball to Courtney
After the lunch Thomas and Andrea went to the store, and Andrea gave a bone to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kevin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jacob gave a ring to Christine
Then in the morning, Erica and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the store. Erica wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then, Jesse and Katherine had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Sean and Jessica had a lot of fun at the garden. Sean gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then Jason and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Jamie
Then Christine and Richard had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Alexander
After the lunch Megan and Ashley went to the house, and Ashley gave a bone to Sarah
Then Brittany and Jose were working at the restaurant, and Brittany decided to give a drink to Eric
Then Samantha and Kimberly had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Jonathan
Then, Crystal and Lisa had a lot of fun at the hospital. Lisa gave a ring to Kristen
Then Christina and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a bone to Allison
When soon afterwards Tyler and Heather got a ring at the restaurant, Tyler decided to give it to Gregory
Then in the morning, Amy and Nathan went to the house. Amy gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Lisa and Robert were thinking about going to the office. Robert wanted to give a bone to James
Then Melissa and Dustin were thinking about going to the office, and Dustin wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then Jamie and Amy had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Melissa
Then, Brandon and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Jennifer
Afterwards, Elizabeth and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a snack to Christina
After the lunch, Joshua and Sara went to the office. Sara gave a drink to Justin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Robert went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Amy and Jeremy were thinking about going to the hospital. Amy wanted to give a computer to Aaron
Then Nathan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the school, and Nathan wanted to give a bone to Amy
Afterwards Lindsey and Joseph went to the school, and Lindsey gave a ring to Stephanie
Afterwards, Stephen and Gregory went to the school. Stephen gave a bone to Richard
While spending time together Erica and Gregory were working at the school, Erica gave a necklace to Amanda
Then Michelle and Paul were working at the restaurant, and Michelle decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then Brian and William had a long argument, and after that William said to Christine
Then in the morning afterwards, Jesse and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Matthew
After the lunch Lindsey and Kyle went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then Erin and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Erin said to Travis
Then in the morning, James and Joshua had a lot of fun at the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then Katherine and Laura had a lot of fun at the house, and Laura gave a drink to Kevin
Then, Andrea and William were thinking about going to the school. William wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then, Ashley and Christina went to the school. Ashley gave a bone to Allison
After the lunch, Jennifer and Christina went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a ring to Crystal
Then, Allison and Shannon were thinking about going to the restaurant. Shannon wanted to give a necklace to Charles
Then, Travis and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant. Travis wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Then Ashley and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Katherine
Then Erica and Bradley had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to Kelly
Afterwards John and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then in the morning, Angela and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Brittany
When soon afterwards Robert and Matthew got a necklace at the house, Robert decided to give it to Jonathan
Then, Kristen and Michelle were working at the hospital. Kristen decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then, Patrick and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Jessica
Then, Nicole and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Erin
Then, Lindsay and Daniel were working at the station. Daniel decided to give a basketball to Ryan
Then Anthony and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Aaron
While spending time together Ryan and Rachel were commuting to the restaurant, Ryan gave a computer to Lindsay
Then, Shannon and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Justin
After the lunch Jeffrey and Eric went to the house, and Jeffrey gave a bone to Paul
Then Joseph and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Jeffrey
After the lunch Jamie and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Jeremy gave a snack to Lindsey
Then, Danielle and Jason had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Kyle
Afterwards Thomas and Megan went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a basketball to Courtney
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephen and Travis went to the station. Stephen gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Michael and Andrea went to the school, and Andrea gave a snack to Christina
Then, Lauren and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Michelle
Then, Jeremy and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Afterwards, Adam and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a ring to Katherine
While spending time together Michelle and Alexander were working at the station, Michelle gave a bone to Matthew
Then Amy and Laura had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Michelle
Then in the morning, Brandon and Michelle were thinking about going to the station. Brandon wanted to give a snack to Patrick
When soon afterwards Robert and Courtney got a computer at the restaurant, Robert decided to give the computer to Erin
Then Elizabeth and John went to the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a ring to Jeremy
Then, Timothy and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Sean
Then Adam and Katherine were thinking about going to the hospital, and Katherine wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Afterwards, William and Laura went to the hospital. Laura gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Kyle and Aaron were working at the restaurant, and Aaron decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then Brittany and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Alicia
Afterwards Bradley and Aaron went to the school, and Aaron gave a drink to Nicole
After the lunch in the afternoon, Gregory and Adam went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a snack to Tyler
Friends separated at birth Christina and Kevin found a kiss at the store. Christina gave it to Samantha
Then, Rebecca and Alicia had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Aaron
Afterwards, Samuel and James went to the station. Samuel gave a snack to Kyle
Then, Lindsey and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Thomas
Afterwards, while spending time together John and Amy went to the station. John gave a ring to Angela
Afterwards, Laura and William went to the hospital. Laura gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Vanessa and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Michelle
Then Jonathan and Samantha went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie were thinking about going to the store. Paul wanted to give a ring to Justin
After the lunch Sarah and Stephen went to the office, and Stephen gave a necklace to Samantha
Afterwards, Bradley and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a drink to Nicole
After the lunch, Kristen and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a drink to Megan
When soon afterwards Thomas and Jonathan got a basketball at the office, Thomas decided to give the basketball to Paul
Then Jessica and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then, Samantha and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Dustin
Then, Angela and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Christine
Then, Tiffany and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to Timothy
Then Eric and Steven had a lot of fun at the office, and Steven gave a computer to Heather
Then, Scott and Alicia were working at the school. Alicia decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then, Jeremy and Heather were working at the school. Jeremy decided to give a computer to Sean
Afterwards, Mark and Jason went to the hospital. Mark gave a kiss to Shannon
Then Richard and Joshua were working at the station, and Richard decided to give a snack to Adam
Then, Timothy and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Jonathan
Then, James and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the garden. Rebecca gave a necklace to Amy
Afterwards, while spending time together Adam and Christina went to the office. Adam gave a basketball to Christine
Then Jose and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Courtney
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Andrea got a computer at the hospital, Jennifer decided to give it to Richard
After the lunch Rachel and Kelly went to the school, and Kelly gave a ring to Adam
Then Amanda and Matthew were thinking about going to the school, and Matthew wanted to give a ring to Angela
Then Ashley and William were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then Sarah and Amber went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Thomas
Then Jonathan and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to James
Then Lisa and Allison had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Jesse
Then Emily and Brian had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Samantha and Kimberly were working at the office. Samantha decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then Jesse and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to John
Afterwards, while spending time together Matthew and Dustin went to the store. Matthew gave a kiss to Courtney
Then Amber and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Amber said to David
Then in the morning afterwards, Alexander and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Alexander said to Alicia
Then in the morning afterwards, Sean and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Christine
After the lunch Ryan and Samuel went to the store, and Ryan gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Crystal and Bryan went to the store. Bryan gave a basketball to Amber
The local big restaurant Anthony and John went to had a basketball. Anthony gave it to Brian
After the lunch, Angela and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Lisa and Rachel were working at the store. Rachel decided to give a computer to David
Then Scott and Stephanie were thinking about going to the station, and Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
While spending time together Tiffany and Jessica were working at the office, Tiffany gave a basketball to Laura
Then, Ryan and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the school. Ryan gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Danielle and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Sara
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Paul
After the lunch, Robert and Bradley went to the station. Robert gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Christina and Amanda had a lot of fun at the store. Christina gave a snack to Mary
After the lunch, Shannon and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then, Samantha and John were thinking about going to the hospital. John wanted to give a drink to Sara
Then, Lauren and Michael were thinking about going to the restaurant. Michael wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
Then Ryan and Mark had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Sarah
After the lunch Shannon and Jacob went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards Kimberly and Kevin went to the restaurant, and Kevin gave a drink to Lindsey
Then Dustin and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Adam
Then, William and Brian had a long argument and after that William said to Christine
Then, Brandon and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital. Andrew gave a ring to Katie
Then Angela and Jesse had a lot of fun at the school, and Angela gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Kimberly and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a snack to Thomas
Then Sarah and Jamie went to the restaurant, and Jamie gave a bone to Brian
Then Lindsay and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to William
Then, Adam and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Jennifer
Then, Charles and Joshua were working at the house. Joshua decided to give a basketball to Alexander
Then, Kyle and Melissa were thinking about going to the school. Kyle wanted to give a snack to Amy
After the lunch, Mark and Timothy went to the garden. Mark gave a computer to Courtney
Then, Sean and Mark were thinking about going to the office. Mark wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Then Alexander and Eric had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Jason
Then Timothy and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Sean
Then Patrick and Michael went to the school, and Patrick gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Thomas and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Courtney
After the lunch David and William went to the school, and William gave a bone to Nicole
Then Crystal and Christina had a lot of fun at the store, and Christina gave a computer to Samantha
Then in the morning, Timothy and Amy went to the school. Timothy gave a computer to Lauren
Then Melissa and Angela were working at the garden, and Angela decided to give a snack to Christopher
Then Sara and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Joseph
Then Jason and Nicole were working at the hospital, and Jason decided to give a ring to Michael
Afterwards, while spending time together Erin and Vanessa went to the office. Erin gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Aaron and Kyle were working at the restaurant. Aaron decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Samantha and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to James
Then John and Jessica had a long argument, and after that John said to Jacob
After the lunch Katie and Courtney went to the garden, and Courtney gave a drink to Heather
Then Jeffrey and Crystal had a lot of fun at the house, and Jeffrey gave a ring to Matthew
Then Sarah and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then, David and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a computer to Michael
After taking a long break Christina and Aaron went to the station, Christina gave a snack to Sara
Then, Christine and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Tyler
Then David and Kevin went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a bone to Kimberly
Then Michael and Timothy went to the store, and Michael gave a basketball to Shannon
Then in the morning, Lauren and Mary were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a computer to Cody
Then, Robert and Samuel were working at the station. Samuel decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then David and Katherine were working at the garden, and Katherine decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Kenneth and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house, and Bradley gave a bone to Brandon
Then Alexander and Sean had a lot of fun at the garden, and Sean gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Alicia and Kelly were thinking about going to the hospital. Alicia wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Afterwards, John and Joshua went to the hospital. Joshua gave a basketball to Bryan
Afterwards Melissa and Laura went to the house, and Melissa gave a basketball to Christine
Then Rebecca and Travis had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Courtney
Then, Vanessa and Scott had a lot of fun at the station. Scott gave a drink to Kelly
After the lunch Joshua and Courtney went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a drink to Michelle
Then, Christina and William went to the school. William gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then Nathan and Lauren had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Nathan gave a bone to Cody
After the lunch, Stephanie and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a bone to Courtney
Then Mary and Kevin were working at the school, and Mary decided to give a computer to Samuel
Afterwards Kristen and Richard went to the restaurant, and Kristen gave a necklace to Angela
Then Tiffany and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Kevin
Then, Stephen and Katherine went to the house. Katherine gave a basketball to Sara
Then in the morning, Jamie and Jeremy went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Brian and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brian gave a drink to Alexander
Afterwards, while spending time together Rachel and Lisa went to the school. Rachel gave a necklace to Patrick
Then, Amy and Stephen were working at the restaurant. Stephen decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Cody and Richard had a lot of fun at the station. Richard gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Heather and Allison had a long argument and after that Allison said to Benjamin
Then, Joshua and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a computer to John
Friends separated at birth Nicole and Allison found a snack at the store. Nicole gave it to Timothy
Then Lindsey and Joseph were working at the hospital, and Joseph decided to give a necklace to Robert
Then, Dustin and Kevin had a lot of fun at the store. Kevin gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Bryan and Tiffany were working at the house. Bryan decided to give a necklace to Danielle
Then Kristen and Shannon were working at the office, and Kristen decided to give a ring to Amber
Then Jose and Nicholas were working at the garden, and Jose decided to give a snack to Jessica
After the lunch, Steven and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards, Jessica and Kenneth went to the station. Jessica gave a drink to Emily
Afterwards, Anthony and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a necklace to Michael
Friends separated at birth Jamie and Kenneth found a basketball at the hospital. Jamie gave it to Alexander
After the lunch Megan and Sean went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Brittany went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a bone to Katherine
Then Jesse and Eric were thinking about going to the garden, and Eric wanted to give a bone to Cody
While spending time together Benjamin and Tyler were commuting to the store, Benjamin gave a drink to Kyle
When soon afterwards Joseph and Brian got a basketball at the hospital, Joseph decided to give it to Laura
Then Dustin and Elizabeth went to the hospital, and Elizabeth gave a bone to Jason
Friends separated at birth Richard and Timothy found a computer at the hospital. Richard gave it to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Courtney and Jessica went to the store. Jessica gave a basketball to Rebecca
After taking a long break Jonathan and Erica went to the store, Jonathan gave a snack to Amber
Then, Anthony and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
After the lunch, Megan and David went to the restaurant. Megan gave a necklace to Steven
Then Michael and Patrick were working at the store, and Patrick decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Jose and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a snack to Kelly
Then Matthew and Jeremy were thinking about going to the garden, and Jeremy wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Laura and Nathan were working at the station. Nathan decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Afterwards David and Melissa went to the school, and Melissa gave a computer to Matthew
Then, Kelly and Lauren were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, John and Angela had a lot of fun at the station. Angela gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Aaron and Joshua were working at the house. Aaron decided to give a bone to Emily
Then, Benjamin and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Then Amber and Charles went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, Amanda and Steven went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, David and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Brittany
Then Jonathan and Mark went to the store, and Mark gave a computer to Christine
Then Katie and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Erica
Then, Brittany and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Alexander and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to Christopher
Then, Jesse and Sean had a lot of fun at the station. Sean gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Justin and William were working at the school. Justin decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then Mark and Amber were working at the school, and Amber decided to give a basketball to David
While spending time together Ashley and Steven were commuting to the restaurant, Ashley gave a bone to Courtney
After taking a long break Michael and Benjamin went to the school, Michael gave a drink to Robert
Then Ryan and Benjamin were working at the restaurant, and Benjamin decided to give a bone to Jonathan
After the lunch Stephen and Robert went to the hospital, and Robert gave a bone to William
While spending time together Lisa and Christopher were working at the office, Lisa gave a bone to Michelle
Then, Bryan and Danielle were thinking about going to the garden. Danielle wanted to give a bone to John
Then in the morning, James and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Brandon
Then, Jonathan and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to David
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Lauren went to the office. Joshua gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Nathan and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Joseph
Then, Sean and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Stephanie
Then, Melissa and Angela were working at the garden. Angela decided to give a snack to Christopher
When soon afterwards Aaron and Michelle got a necklace at the garden, Aaron decided to give it to Danielle
After the lunch Eric and Jacob went to the house, and Jacob gave a drink to Thomas
Then Tyler and Eric had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Timothy
Afterwards Jonathan and Nicole went to the house, and Nicole gave a kiss to Paul
Then Stephen and Christopher had a lot of fun at the school, and Christopher gave a snack to Eric
Afterwards, Nicholas and Dustin went to the house. Dustin gave a snack to Sean
Then, Daniel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Daniel gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Joshua and Sara had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Jacob and Brandon were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jacob wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then, Rebecca and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Samantha and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Katherine
Then Jeffrey and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Jonathan gave a basketball to Jessica
Then, Jessica and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a ring to Mark
Then, Nicole and Jason were working at the hospital. Jason decided to give a ring to Michael
Then Jennifer and Adam were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a ring to Robert
After the lunch, Bryan and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Kelly and Daniel were working at the garden. Kelly decided to give a drink to Angela
Then Daniel and Jonathan were working at the hospital, and Jonathan decided to give a computer to Patrick
Then, Amanda and Lauren had a lot of fun at the school. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, Kevin and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a computer to Amanda
Then, Michelle and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a bone to Nathan
When soon afterwards Brittany and Bradley got a snack at the station, Brittany decided to give the snack to Mary
Then, Patrick and Jamie were thinking about going to the station. Jamie wanted to give a kiss to Amber
Then, Samuel and Robert were working at the station. Samuel decided to give a computer to Brandon
Afterwards Michael and Bryan went to the station, and Michael gave a bone to Benjamin
Then, Melissa and Scott were thinking about going to the store. Melissa wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then Amy and Christine had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Samantha
Then Rebecca and Richard were working at the office, and Rebecca decided to give a snack to Kyle
While spending time together Samuel and Jonathan were commuting to the office, Samuel gave a basketball to Joshua
The local big office Lauren and Jennifer went to had a necklace. Lauren gave it to Crystal
Then, Michelle and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Thomas gave a kiss to Kenneth
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Allison got a snack at the hospital, Lindsay decided to give it to Paul
Then in the morning, Emily and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Steven
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Rebecca said to Jeffrey
Then Patrick and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Justin
Then, Bryan and Allison had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Christine
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Erica got a snack at the store, Jennifer decided to give it to Patrick
Then Aaron and Katherine were working at the restaurant, and Katherine decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then Katherine and Erin went to the store, and Erin gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards Jessica and Brandon went to the office, and Jessica gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Alexander and Dustin had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Benjamin
After the lunch John and Amber went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Patrick and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Tyler
Then Richard and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsay and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Christopher
Then, Samantha and Nicole had a lot of fun at the garden. Nicole gave a computer to Bryan
Then, Rachel and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michael gave a computer to Megan
Then, Matthew and Christina had a lot of fun at the office. Christina gave a computer to Mark
After the lunch, Lindsay and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Afterwards Dustin and Nicholas went to the house, and Dustin gave a snack to Sean
Then Ashley and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Samuel
Then Jason and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Kevin
Then Adam and Katie were thinking about going to the house, and Katie wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Afterwards Michelle and Erin went to the garden, and Michelle gave a drink to Brandon
Friends separated at birth Justin and James found a drink at the house. Justin gave it to Joseph
Then Alicia and Megan went to the school, and Megan gave a snack to Joseph
Then, Matthew and Samantha were working at the store. Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Jose and Gregory were thinking about going to the store, and Gregory wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Then Jonathan and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
After taking a long break Christine and Jose went to the store, Christine gave a ring to Heather
Then, Sara and Jeremy went to the office. Jeremy gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, Laura and Sean had a long argument and after that Laura said to Alicia
Then, Heather and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a necklace to Jeremy
Then Jamie and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and John gave a necklace to Timothy
Then, Brian and Allison were working at the station. Allison decided to give a snack to Stephanie
Then, Crystal and Brittany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Crystal gave a ring to Erica
Then Lindsey and Robert had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Sarah
Friends separated at birth Megan and Elizabeth found a snack at the school. Megan gave it to Katherine
Then, Amanda and Lisa were thinking about going to the store. Lisa wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then, Matthew and Joseph had a lot of fun at the school. Matthew gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Megan and Christina were working at the school, and Megan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then Sara and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store, and Brandon gave a drink to Kelly
Afterwards Kenneth and Jessica went to the station, and Jessica gave a drink to Emily
Then Nicholas and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Jamie
Then, Brittany and Jose were working at the restaurant. Brittany decided to give a drink to Eric
Then John and Rachel were working at the garden, and Rachel decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then in the morning, Joshua and Lauren went to the school. Joshua gave a ring to Christina
Afterwards Jeffrey and Jessica went to the office, and Jessica gave a snack to Robert
After the lunch in the afternoon, Angela and Heather went to the school. Angela gave a computer to Jamie
Then Lindsey and Kenneth were working at the restaurant, and Kenneth decided to give a ring to Samantha
When soon afterwards Kelly and Lindsay got a ring at the store, Kelly decided to give it to David
Then Nathan and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Lindsay
Then Nicholas and Allison went to the school, and Allison gave a necklace to Brandon
After the lunch, Kevin and Allison went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a basketball to Nathan
Then, Nicole and Crystal were thinking about going to the store. Nicole wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
Then, Paul and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then, Kevin and Mary were working at the school. Mary decided to give a computer to Samuel
After the lunch, John and Megan went to the garden. John gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Katherine and Justin were working at the hospital. Katherine decided to give a basketball to Samantha
After the lunch Erica and Sara went to the restaurant, and Sara gave a bone to Michelle
Then, Nicole and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Kenneth
Then, Paul and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Daniel
Then Elizabeth and Jonathan were working at the house, and Jonathan decided to give a ring to Justin
Then, Stephen and Angela had a long argument and after that Angela said to Lauren
Then, Gregory and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Amy
Afterwards Amanda and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Amanda gave a kiss to Eric
Then Jennifer and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Melissa
Afterwards, Kelly and Tiffany went to the office. Tiffany gave a drink to Stephen
Then Allison and Brandon had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Allison gave a computer to Erica
Then, Erin and Crystal had a long argument and after that Erin said to Charles
While spending time together Christine and Ashley were working at the school, Christine gave a bone to Thomas
Then, Kelly and Richard were working at the store. Kelly decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Afterwards Jeffrey and Jesse went to the house, and Jeffrey gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Anthony and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Bradley and William had a lot of fun at the garden. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Nathan and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Ryan
Then in the morning, Richard and John had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Brittany
After the lunch Justin and Ashley went to the house, and Justin gave a bone to Lindsay
Afterwards, Richard and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to Megan
Then, Bradley and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the office. Elizabeth wanted to give a ring to Laura
Then Eric and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Brittany
Then Joseph and Lisa were thinking about going to the garden, and Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then Lisa and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Lisa said to Laura
Then, Sara and Erica had a long argument and after that Erica said to Benjamin
Afterwards, Courtney and William went to the school. William gave a necklace to Brandon
Then Anthony and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Benjamin
Then, Alexander and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station. Ashley gave a ring to Brittany
After the lunch, Katie and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a drink to Heather
Then, Brandon and Travis were working at the office. Travis decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then, Ryan and Erica had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Danielle
After the lunch, Jeremy and Jeffrey went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Charles
Then Rachel and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Charles
When soon afterwards Stephen and Gregory got a basketball at the hospital, Stephen decided to give the basketball to Amber
Afterwards Laura and Melissa went to the house, and Melissa gave a basketball to Christine
Then Alicia and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Dustin
After the lunch Emily and Andrea went to the school, and Emily gave a computer to Nicholas
Then Travis and Vanessa went to the garden, and Travis gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then Jacob and Aaron went to the store, and Aaron gave a kiss to Andrea
Then, Sean and Daniel had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Mary
Then Jeremy and Timothy went to the station, and Timothy gave a snack to Adam
When soon afterwards Lauren and Alexander got a basketball at the house, Lauren decided to give the basketball to Kimberly
Then, Crystal and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Alexander
Afterwards, Rachel and Joshua went to the house. Rachel gave a bone to Lisa
Then Michael and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Kristen
Then, Lauren and David were thinking about going to the restaurant. David wanted to give a ring to Megan
Then James and Samuel went to the garden, and Samuel gave a bone to Jamie
Then Adam and Cody went to the store, and Cody gave a drink to Laura
Then, Samantha and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Afterwards Amy and Thomas went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a basketball to Christopher
Afterwards Anthony and Sara went to the garden, and Sara gave a necklace to Michael
Then, Brittany and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Alicia and Jacob were working at the office. Alicia decided to give a bone to John
Afterwards, Christine and Jennifer went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Michael and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a ring to Michelle
Then in the morning, Eric and David went to the school. Eric gave a computer to Timothy
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Eric went to the house. Jeffrey gave a bone to Paul
While spending time together Sarah and Jacob were commuting to the school, Sarah gave a computer to Amanda
Then, Adam and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a bone to Christina
Then Michelle and Lindsay were working at the garden, and Michelle decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then, Jessica and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Amber
Then Jonathan and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Ryan
Then Sarah and Robert had a lot of fun at the store, and Robert gave a necklace to James
Then Samantha and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Dustin
Then, Matthew and John were working at the house. John decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then, Robert and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Erin
After the lunch Lindsey and Amber went to the store, and Amber gave a kiss to Brandon
Then, Timothy and David had a long argument and after that David said to Alexander
Then, Christina and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Dustin
Then, Shannon and Stephen had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Robert
After the lunch, Nicholas and Sarah went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, William and Andrea were thinking about going to the school. William wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then, Benjamin and Lisa had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Joshua and Amanda were working at the restaurant. Joshua decided to give a ring to Alexander
Then Jose and Alicia went to the office, and Alicia gave a basketball to Steven
Then in the morning, Stephen and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to James
Then Bryan and Lauren were thinking about going to the office, and Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Katie
After the lunch Dustin and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Brian and Andrea had a lot of fun at the office. Andrea gave a ring to Amanda
Then Brandon and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Allison gave a computer to Erica
Then, Dustin and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a kiss to Charles
Then, Lisa and Lindsay were thinking about going to the house. Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Andrea
Then, Elizabeth and Ryan went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a snack to Jason
Then Timothy and Allison had a long argument, and after that Timothy said to Michelle
Then, Cody and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Lauren and Lisa went to the school. Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then Danielle and Vanessa were thinking about going to the store, and Vanessa wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then, Christopher and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Richard
Then Alicia and Matthew were thinking about going to the school, and Alicia wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Kelly and Andrea were thinking about going to the store. Kelly wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Afterwards, while spending time together Christopher and Kelly went to the station. Christopher gave a basketball to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Adam and Thomas went to the store. Thomas gave a drink to Kyle
Then Matthew and John were working at the house, and John decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
When soon afterwards Brandon and Michael got a kiss at the store, Brandon decided to give the kiss to Melissa
Then Christine and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Mary
When soon afterwards Christine and Ryan got a drink at the restaurant, Christine decided to give it to Vanessa
Then Nicholas and Charles had a lot of fun at the school, and Charles gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Ashley and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a necklace to Patrick
When soon afterwards Angela and Jason got a computer at the garden, Angela decided to give the computer to Charles
Then, Jesse and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Courtney
Afterwards Richard and Kristen went to the restaurant, and Kristen gave a necklace to Angela
Then Brittany and Dustin had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a kiss to Charles
Then Daniel and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a drink to Ashley
After the lunch, Crystal and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Matthew and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Erica gave a ring to Eric
Then Mark and Sean were thinking about going to the office, and Mark wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Then Amber and Shannon were thinking about going to the house, and Shannon wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then, Brandon and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Christina
The local big school Bradley and Michael went to had a snack. Bradley gave it to Brian
Then, Amber and Angela were working at the school. Angela decided to give a basketball to Brandon
After the lunch, Lauren and Kelly went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a necklace to Aaron
Then, Brittany and Dustin had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a kiss to Charles
Then, Brian and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Melissa and Ashley were thinking about going to the store. Melissa wanted to give a snack to Travis
Then Nathan and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
After taking a long break Nathan and Vanessa went to the restaurant, Nathan gave a drink to Ryan
Then in the morning, Stephen and Scott had a lot of fun at the station. Stephen gave a necklace to Lisa
Then Tyler and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Laura
After the lunch, Rachel and Sara went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Ashley and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Heather
Then, Tyler and Timothy had a lot of fun at the office. Timothy gave a bone to Brian
Afterwards Crystal and Sean went to the garden, and Sean gave a ring to Emily
Afterwards, Laura and Melissa went to the house. Melissa gave a basketball to Christine
Then Joseph and Kelly went to the station, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
While spending time together Crystal and Scott were working at the restaurant, Crystal gave a kiss to Christopher
Then Elizabeth and Mark had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Danielle
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Mary had a lot of fun at the school. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Scott
Then in the morning, Danielle and William had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Kyle
Then, Lindsey and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a drink to Ryan
After the lunch Christina and Kristen went to the office, and Christina gave a drink to Megan
When soon afterwards Dustin and Lindsay got a kiss at the house, Dustin decided to give the kiss to Jonathan
Then Matthew and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Erica gave a ring to Eric
Then, Dustin and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Erica
Afterwards Lindsey and Eric went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Stephen and Angela had a long argument, and after that Angela said to Lauren
Then, Angela and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Justin said to Ashley
When soon afterwards Sarah and Lisa got a computer at the office, Sarah decided to give it to Christina
Afterwards, Andrea and William went to the garden. Andrea gave a basketball to Stephen
Afterwards, John and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Jonathan and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Amber and Joseph were thinking about going to the house, and Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Kevin and Jacob had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jacob gave a necklace to Kenneth
Then, Michelle and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Timothy
Then, Vanessa and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Cody and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a basketball to Vanessa
Afterwards Rachel and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Angela
Then, Rachel and Andrew were thinking about going to the store. Rachel wanted to give a drink to Charles
Afterwards, Megan and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to Travis
Then Aaron and Jennifer went to the office, and Aaron gave a necklace to Courtney
Then, Lindsay and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Mark
After the lunch, Erica and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a bone to Michelle
Then, Danielle and Vanessa were thinking about going to the store. Vanessa wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Brandon and Nicole went to the store. Brandon gave a necklace to Tyler
Then, Amy and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Kristen
Afterwards, Bradley and Megan went to the hospital. Bradley gave a ring to Cody
Then, Amber and Charles went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Courtney
When soon afterwards Jessica and Justin got a bone at the office, Jessica decided to give it to Anthony
Then Travis and Vanessa went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a kiss to Kelly
While spending time together Jose and Tyler were working at the office, Jose gave a computer to Nicholas
After taking a long break Samantha and Amanda went to the restaurant, Samantha gave a kiss to James
Then, Emily and Jacob had a lot of fun at the hospital. Emily gave a ring to David
Then, Crystal and Sarah had a lot of fun at the office. Sarah gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Ryan and William went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a snack to Crystal
After the lunch, Stephanie and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Courtney and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Lisa
Afterwards, Brandon and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Then Richard and Michelle went to the hospital, and Richard gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then Stephanie and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Lindsey
Then Lauren and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Thomas
Then, Heather and James were working at the office. James decided to give a bone to Adam
Then Brittany and Lisa had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Lisa gave a drink to Sean
After the lunch, Kelly and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a ring to Richard
Afterwards, Paul and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Alicia and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Samantha
Then, Tiffany and Dustin had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Anthony
Then Paul and Danielle were thinking about going to the office, and Danielle wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then, Nathan and Laura were working at the station. Nathan decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Ashley and Jamie went to the house. Ashley gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Amy and Lisa were thinking about going to the school. Lisa wanted to give a computer to Bradley
After the lunch Patrick and Rebecca went to the station, and Rebecca gave a necklace to Stephanie
Afterwards, Michael and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Lisa and Benjamin went to the hospital. Benjamin gave a bone to Vanessa
Afterwards, Crystal and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, Thomas and Megan went to the hospital. Thomas gave a basketball to Courtney
Then Alicia and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to James
After the lunch Andrea and Thomas went to the store, and Andrea gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Michelle and Joseph had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michelle gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Jeremy and Timothy went to the station. Timothy gave a snack to Adam
Then Megan and Jesse were working at the school, and Megan decided to give a ring to Michael
Then, John and Lauren went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Jennifer and Emily had a long argument and after that Emily said to Ryan
Then, Amber and Nicole were thinking about going to the store. Nicole wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Then, Mark and Sean were thinking about going to the office. Mark wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Afterwards, while spending time together Kevin and Mark went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a necklace to Bryan
Then Elizabeth and John had a lot of fun at the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Travis and Justin were thinking about going to the garden. Justin wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then in the morning, Crystal and Vanessa were working at the office. Crystal decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Angela and Amy were working at the station, and Angela decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then, James and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then, Jason and Jeremy were working at the office. Jeremy decided to give a necklace to Bradley
When soon afterwards Sara and Jacob got a snack at the hospital, Sara decided to give the snack to Megan
Then in the morning, Brittany and Stephen were thinking about going to the office. Brittany wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then Bryan and William had a long argument, and after that William said to Jason
Then Angela and John went to the house, and Angela gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Sean and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden, and Sean gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Timothy and Mary were working at the station. Timothy decided to give a basketball to Tyler
Then, Courtney and Tyler were thinking about going to the office. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
When soon afterwards Erica and Alicia got a bone at the station, Erica decided to give it to Brian
Then, Brandon and Eric went to the school. Brandon gave a ring to Kelly
Then, Daniel and Sean were thinking about going to the store. Sean wanted to give a necklace to Richard
After the lunch Joshua and Amy went to the store, and Amy gave a snack to John
After the lunch Mary and Timothy went to the store, and Mary gave a basketball to Vanessa
Afterwards Melissa and Richard went to the garden, and Melissa gave a necklace to Katie
After the lunch, Megan and Brittany went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Jeremy and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the store. Jeremy gave a snack to Jacob
Afterwards Rebecca and Sean went to the house, and Rebecca gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Megan and Erica were thinking about going to the station. Megan wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then John and Lauren went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Samuel and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden, and Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then Christina and Kelly were working at the school, and Kelly decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Then, Andrew and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Aaron
Then, Nicole and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Jason
Then, Jacob and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Aaron gave a ring to Laura
Then Benjamin and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school, and Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Katherine and Kyle had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Lauren
Friends separated at birth Christopher and Eric found a kiss at the station. Christopher gave it to Steven
When soon afterwards Aaron and Stephanie got a ring at the office, Aaron decided to give it to Jamie
Then Joshua and Charles were working at the house, and Joshua decided to give a basketball to Alexander
After the lunch, Lauren and Christopher went to the house. Christopher gave a bone to Dustin
Then Christina and Matthew were thinking about going to the office, and Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then in the morning, Sarah and Melissa were working at the hospital. Sarah decided to give a computer to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Samantha and Robert had a lot of fun at the school. Samantha gave a computer to Christina
Then Andrea and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Jessica
Then Erica and Amber were working at the store, and Amber decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Brandon and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Robert and Sara went to the store, and Robert gave a computer to Lindsay
Afterwards Lindsay and Joshua went to the hospital, and Joshua gave a necklace to Samantha
Then Jesse and Aaron went to the house, and Aaron gave a bone to Stephanie
Afterwards John and Joshua went to the hospital, and Joshua gave a basketball to Bryan
Afterwards, while spending time together Timothy and Christina went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Heather and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then Lisa and Crystal went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Tyler and Timothy had a lot of fun at the office, and Timothy gave a bone to Brian
Then Danielle and Bryan were thinking about going to the garden, and Danielle wanted to give a bone to John
After the lunch, Nicholas and Patrick went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Samuel and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Joseph
Then, Allison and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Melissa
Then Melissa and Jeffrey were working at the hospital, and Melissa decided to give a drink to Stephen
After the lunch Nicole and Lauren went to the restaurant, and Nicole gave a ring to Jason
After the lunch David and James went to the garden, and James gave a drink to Christina
Then, Adam and Gregory were working at the store. Gregory decided to give a drink to Stephanie
Then Benjamin and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Daniel
Then Bryan and Crystal went to the store, and Bryan gave a basketball to Amber
Then, Christina and Stephen were thinking about going to the office. Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then, Jessica and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden. Joseph wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
After the lunch Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital, and Jeremy gave a snack to Lindsey
Afterwards, while spending time together Mark and Patrick went to the office. Mark gave a snack to Melissa
Then, Ashley and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a kiss to Stephen
Then Richard and Amy went to the garden, and Richard gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Heather and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Heather said to Jose
Then, Mary and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Angela
Then in the morning, Allison and Samantha went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to Lindsay
Afterwards, Paul and Danielle went to the store. Paul gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Adam and Patrick had a lot of fun at the station. Patrick gave a basketball to Brian
Then in the morning, Amanda and Lindsay went to the garden. Amanda gave a computer to Samuel
Then in the morning, David and Laura went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
Then Jacob and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Joseph
Then, Benjamin and Anthony were thinking about going to the restaurant. Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
Then in the morning, Christine and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office. Christine wanted to give a kiss to Travis
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Scott
After the lunch in the afternoon, Laura and Lisa went to the school. Laura gave a necklace to Michael
Then, Lindsay and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Anthony
After the lunch, Sean and Rebecca went to the station. Sean gave a necklace to Sara
Afterwards, while spending time together Bryan and Jennifer went to the store. Bryan gave a drink to David
Then Daniel and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden, and Courtney gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Ashley and Kimberly were thinking about going to the house. Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then Lisa and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a necklace to Nathan
Afterwards, David and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a computer to Matthew
While spending time together Jason and Jesse were working at the school, Jason gave a drink to Joseph
Afterwards, Brittany and John went to the station. John gave a ring to Angela
Then Timothy and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the school, and Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
After taking a long break Vanessa and Jennifer went to the school, Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
When soon afterwards Tyler and Jessica got a computer at the station, Tyler decided to give it to Paul
After taking a long break John and Sara went to the garden, John gave a drink to Melissa
After the lunch Kevin and Allison went to the restaurant, and Kevin gave a basketball to Nathan
Then in the morning, Melissa and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Kenneth
Afterwards Jeremy and Robert went to the station, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Robert and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then, Jacob and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Lisa and Jacob were working at the restaurant, and Lisa decided to give a computer to Bryan
Then Brian and Kristen were working at the garden, and Brian decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Then, Danielle and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Lauren
After the lunch, John and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Brandon and Erica had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Angela
Then in the morning, Michael and Eric were working at the garden. Michael decided to give a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards Gregory and Katherine went to the garden, and Katherine gave a basketball to Melissa
Afterwards, Bryan and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a bone to Benjamin
The local big office Tiffany and Gregory went to had a kiss. Tiffany gave it to Patrick
Then, Kimberly and James were working at the garden. Kimberly decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then Adam and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Danielle
Then in the morning, Bryan and Katie were thinking about going to the house. Bryan wanted to give a necklace to Danielle
Then Charles and Lisa had a lot of fun at the station, and Charles gave a computer to William
Then Heather and Joshua went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a snack to Patrick
Then Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jeremy
Then Brian and Eric had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Jacob
Afterwards Anthony and Paul went to the garden, and Paul gave a snack to Amy
After the lunch, David and James went to the garden. James gave a drink to Christina
Then, Richard and Sean were working at the store. Sean decided to give a snack to Vanessa
Then, Scott and Jacob were thinking about going to the office. Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Then David and Rachel had a long argument, and after that David said to Rebecca
Then Crystal and Patrick were thinking about going to the office, and Crystal wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
Then, Stephanie and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Aaron
Then Gregory and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Lindsey
Then, Alexander and Emily had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a drink to Sarah
Then Kevin and Scott had a lot of fun at the store, and Scott gave a bone to William
Then, Bryan and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Sarah
Then Steven and Eric had a lot of fun at the office, and Steven gave a computer to Heather
Then, Joshua and Aaron were working at the house. Aaron decided to give a bone to Emily
Then, Jesse and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a computer to Samantha
Afterwards, Sara and Lindsay went to the school. Sara gave a kiss to Melissa
Afterwards, Samantha and David went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards Kenneth and Bryan went to the house, and Bryan gave a drink to Andrew
After the lunch, Christine and Heather went to the hospital. Heather gave a necklace to Christina
Then Jacob and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Aaron gave a ring to Laura
Then Adam and Erin were thinking about going to the house, and Adam wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then Thomas and Laura were working at the store, and Thomas decided to give a drink to Erica
Then Cody and Jennifer were working at the store, and Cody decided to give a bone to Megan
Afterwards Robert and Patrick went to the store, and Robert gave a drink to Sara
Then, Amanda and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Jason
Then Melissa and Angela were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Angela wanted to give a bone to Scott
Then, Tyler and Andrew went to the station. Tyler gave a drink to Nathan
Then Charles and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the school, and Charles gave a snack to Kenneth
Afterwards, Lindsay and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a ring to Brian
Then, Lisa and Charles had a lot of fun at the station. Charles gave a computer to William
Then Jason and Kristen were thinking about going to the office, and Kristen wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Christina and Joseph were working at the school. Christina decided to give a necklace to Lisa
Then Justin and Allison had a lot of fun at the school, and Justin gave a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch Nathan and Ryan went to the restaurant, and Ryan gave a bone to Danielle
Then, Jamie and Kenneth went to the store. Jamie gave a snack to Katie
Then Amanda and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Bradley
Afterwards Joshua and Lindsey went to the hospital, and Lindsey gave a necklace to Tyler
Then, Brandon and James were working at the office. James decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then Brittany and Megan went to the garden, and Megan gave a computer to Tyler
Then Kristen and Megan were thinking about going to the station, and Megan wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then, Jeremy and Alicia had a lot of fun at the garden. Alicia gave a drink to Tyler
After the lunch, Timothy and Kenneth went to the school. Kenneth gave a computer to Lauren
Afterwards Cody and Kelly went to the station, and Kelly gave a drink to Thomas
After the lunch, Amber and John went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
After the lunch, Jose and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a kiss to Travis
Afterwards, Jessica and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Jason and Mark went to the hospital, and Mark gave a kiss to Shannon
Then Kimberly and James were working at the garden, and James decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Then, Jeffrey and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
Afterwards Timothy and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
While spending time together Kyle and Justin were commuting to the store, Kyle gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then Lindsey and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Thomas
After the lunch Adam and Amy went to the garden, and Adam gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Nathan and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Ryan
While spending time together Cody and Charles were working at the garden, Cody gave a drink to Brian
Then in the morning, Benjamin and Elizabeth were working at the store. Benjamin decided to give a ring to Heather
Then in the morning, Justin and Jeffrey went to the house. Justin gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Angela and Dustin had a lot of fun at the house. Angela gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Jeremy and Richard had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Kelly
Then, Sean and Kimberly were working at the hospital. Sean decided to give a basketball to Christina
Afterwards Charles and Crystal went to the garden, and Charles gave a drink to Laura
Then Erica and Bradley went to the office, and Bradley gave a ring to Jessica
Then, David and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
When soon afterwards Robert and Lindsey got a kiss at the restaurant, Robert decided to give it to Mark
Then, Elizabeth and Angela went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Christine
Then, Christina and Erin had a lot of fun at the school. Erin gave a basketball to Shannon
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Alicia
Afterwards, Angela and Robert went to the office. Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then Alicia and Jacob were working at the office, and Alicia decided to give a bone to John
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and John were working at the school. Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Paul and Michelle were working at the restaurant. Michelle decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then, Dustin and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a drink to Aaron
Then David and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house, and Stephanie wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
Then, Samantha and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a bone to Nathan
Then, Megan and Christina were working at the school. Megan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Bradley and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station. Bradley gave a bone to Charles
Afterwards, Allison and Mary went to the hospital. Allison gave a snack to Stephanie
Then, Nicholas and Benjamin were working at the house. Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Scott and Crystal had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Courtney
Then Jonathan and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to David
Then Lindsay and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
The local big garden Eric and Tiffany went to had a necklace. Eric gave it to Kristen
Then, Erica and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a computer to Jason
Then William and Stephanie went to the house, and Stephanie gave a drink to Thomas
Then Nathan and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house, and Amanda gave a bone to Tyler
Then, Jessica and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Samantha
Then, Kimberly and Joseph went to the office. Joseph gave a necklace to Richard
Then in the morning, Samuel and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant. Samuel wanted to give a kiss to Jose
Then, Melissa and Tyler were working at the hospital. Tyler decided to give a bone to Bradley
After taking a long break Rachel and Courtney went to the station, Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Jeremy and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then, Anthony and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Benjamin
After the lunch Bradley and Vanessa went to the office, and Bradley gave a computer to Alicia
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Crystal were working at the restaurant. Lindsey decided to give a snack to Jose
Then, Jamie and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Robert
Afterwards Danielle and Courtney went to the garden, and Danielle gave a necklace to Kyle
Afterwards, Danielle and Paul went to the store. Paul gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Cody and Adam went to the store. Cody gave a drink to Laura
Then Nicole and Aaron were thinking about going to the store, and Aaron wanted to give a bone to Thomas
Then, Nicole and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Danielle
Then Lisa and Lindsay were thinking about going to the house, and Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Andrea
Then, Joseph and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Rachel and Steven had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Brian
Then Rachel and Amanda were thinking about going to the station, and Rachel wanted to give a necklace to Jose
Then, Danielle and Bryan were thinking about going to the garden. Danielle wanted to give a bone to John
Then, Crystal and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a snack to Timothy
Then Andrea and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Friends separated at birth Angela and Sean found a ring at the restaurant. Angela gave it to Scott
Then, Daniel and Kyle were working at the garden. Kyle decided to give a necklace to Shannon
Then Ryan and Joshua were thinking about going to the garden, and Joshua wanted to give a snack to Nathan
Then Stephanie and Amanda were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Thomas
After the lunch, Adam and Amy went to the garden. Adam gave a basketball to Patrick
Then Aaron and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Richard
Then, Amber and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Benjamin
Afterwards Patrick and Lindsey went to the store, and Lindsey gave a drink to Matthew
Afterwards Bradley and Ashley went to the hospital, and Ashley gave a necklace to Jason
Afterwards Jason and Dustin went to the station, and Dustin gave a necklace to Mary
Afterwards Bryan and Kenneth went to the house, and Bryan gave a drink to Andrew
Then, Richard and Joshua were working at the station. Richard decided to give a snack to Adam
Then, Jacob and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office. Kimberly wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Friends separated at birth Erin and Emily found a basketball at the garden. Erin gave it to Samantha
Then Aaron and Adam had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Aaron gave a kiss to Benjamin
After the lunch, Bradley and Jessica went to the store. Jessica gave a snack to Anthony
Then Jeffrey and Melissa were working at the hospital, and Melissa decided to give a drink to Stephen
While spending time together Angela and Justin were commuting to the hospital, Angela gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Paul and Kelly were working at the station, and Kelly decided to give a computer to Amy
Then, Amy and Crystal were working at the office. Crystal decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Friends separated at birth Erin and Lindsay found a kiss at the office. Erin gave it to Lisa
Then Sean and Kimberly were working at the hospital, and Sean decided to give a basketball to Christina
After the lunch, Courtney and Crystal went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a basketball to Alexander
Then, Jamie and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Jeremy
Then Christine and Jason were working at the store, and Christine decided to give a ring to Paul
Then, Jonathan and Rachel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a bone to Kevin
Then Jeremy and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Katherine and Adam were thinking about going to the hospital, and Katherine wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then, Mark and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to Andrew
When soon afterwards Adam and Amy got a necklace at the school, Adam decided to give the necklace to Nicole
Afterwards, David and Kelly went to the hospital. David gave a drink to Sara
Then Elizabeth and Timothy were thinking about going to the school, and Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Katherine and Jeffrey went to the office. Katherine gave a necklace to Samantha
Then Jesse and Vanessa were working at the office, and Vanessa decided to give a ring to Katherine
Afterwards, Kevin and Benjamin went to the hospital. Benjamin gave a computer to Katie
Then Melissa and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Elizabeth
Then Travis and Laura were working at the house, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then in the morning afterwards, Erin and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Alicia
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Jesse went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a snack to Jason
Then, Michelle and Richard had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then John and Jamie had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and John gave a necklace to Timothy
Then, Benjamin and Nicholas were working at the house. Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Scott and Stephanie were thinking about going to the station. Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
Afterwards, Lindsey and Joseph went to the school. Lindsey gave a ring to Stephanie
Afterwards Steven and Kenneth went to the garden, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Jeffrey and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Jason
Then Joshua and Brian were thinking about going to the house, and Brian wanted to give a bone to Ashley
Friends separated at birth Erica and Katie found a kiss at the office. Erica gave it to Dustin
Then Amy and Crystal were working at the office, and Crystal decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Lindsay and Michelle went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a basketball to Angela
Then Alicia and Bryan were thinking about going to the station, and Alicia wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
Then Patrick and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Jessica
While spending time together Michael and Jason were commuting to the hospital, Michael gave a bone to Justin
Then Paul and Stephanie were thinking about going to the store, and Paul wanted to give a ring to Justin
Afterwards, Melissa and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Bradley and Kevin had a lot of fun at the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
After the lunch Amanda and Alexander went to the restaurant, and Amanda gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Heather and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Nicholas said to Bryan
Afterwards Samuel and Aaron went to the garden, and Aaron gave a necklace to Danielle
Then, Amber and Richard were working at the office. Richard decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then William and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that William said to Katherine
Then, Jose and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Patrick
Then, Danielle and Bryan were working at the store. Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Stephen and Benjamin were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Rachel and Joshua went to the house, and Rachel gave a bone to Lisa
Then Brittany and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store, and Jacob gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Laura and Travis were working at the house. Laura decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then Patrick and Crystal were thinking about going to the office, and Crystal wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
Then Samantha and Nicole had a lot of fun at the garden, and Nicole gave a computer to Bryan
Then, Jason and Danielle had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Kyle
Then Ryan and Timothy were working at the house, and Timothy decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then, Samantha and Christina had a long argument and after that Christina said to Brittany
Then Erin and Adam were thinking about going to the house, and Adam wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Afterwards, Timothy and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Erin and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch, Katherine and Nathan went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a bone to Lindsey
After the lunch Justin and Jose went to the restaurant, and Justin gave a kiss to Travis
Then Michelle and Robert were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a snack to Bradley
After the lunch, Lindsey and Amber went to the store. Amber gave a kiss to Brandon
Then, Jessica and Laura had a lot of fun at the station. Jessica gave a ring to Jacob
Then, Angela and Robert had a long argument and after that Angela said to Brittany
Then James and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the office, and Jeremy gave a basketball to John
Afterwards, while spending time together Timothy and Matthew went to the hospital. Timothy gave a drink to Nicole
Then, Vanessa and Travis went to the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to Kelly
Afterwards Eric and Jonathan went to the office, and Jonathan gave a snack to Kyle
After taking a long break Sean and Megan went to the garden, Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Stephen and Christina were thinking about going to the office, and Stephen wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then Kristen and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Kenneth
Then Tiffany and Christina were working at the station, and Christina decided to give a drink to Bradley
Then Amanda and Matthew were thinking about going to the office, and Matthew wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then, Crystal and Amanda had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Travis
Then, Erica and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Danielle
Then, Tyler and Lisa were thinking about going to the store. Lisa wanted to give a ring to Alexander
After the lunch, John and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a kiss to Kristen
Then Tyler and Robert had a lot of fun at the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Afterwards, while spending time together Kristen and Nicholas went to the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Alexander
Then Richard and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Christopher
Then, Allison and Bryan had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Christine
Then, Stephanie and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Gregory
Then Erica and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Danielle
Then Lindsey and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
Then Mark and Dustin were thinking about going to the station, and Dustin wanted to give a ring to Angela
After the lunch, Angela and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a snack to David
Then, Jennifer and Kristen were working at the store. Kristen decided to give a snack to Lisa
Then, Danielle and Jeremy went to the store. Danielle gave a ring to Charles
After the lunch Tiffany and Thomas went to the store, and Tiffany gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, Dustin and Tyler were working at the station. Tyler decided to give a bone to Katherine
After taking a long break Heather and Tiffany went to the hospital, Heather gave a necklace to Christina
Then Rachel and Andrew were thinking about going to the store, and Rachel wanted to give a drink to Charles
Then, Kenneth and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Kelly
Afterwards Lauren and Travis went to the house, and Travis gave a necklace to Gregory
Then in the morning, Shannon and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Eric
Afterwards Jessica and Kenneth went to the station, and Jessica gave a drink to Emily
Then Brittany and Sarah had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Bradley and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Katie
Then Sarah and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Sarah said to Kimberly
Then Daniel and Robert had a lot of fun at the garden, and Robert gave a snack to Sean
Afterwards Nicholas and Dustin went to the house, and Dustin gave a snack to Sean
Afterwards, Joseph and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Vanessa and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a ring to Jesse
Afterwards, Jennifer and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
When soon afterwards Anthony and David got a computer at the school, Anthony decided to give it to Brian
Then, Lindsay and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Shannon and Cody went to the hospital. Shannon gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Travis and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Travis said to Courtney
Then, Jeremy and Jason were working at the office. Jeremy decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then in the morning, Tyler and William went to the store. Tyler gave a basketball to Jessica
After taking a long break Amy and Brian went to the store, Amy gave a snack to John
Then Michael and Lauren were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Michael wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
Then Joseph and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the house, and Joseph gave a drink to Erin
The local big restaurant Samantha and Jason went to had a ring. Samantha gave it to Adam
After the lunch Charles and Joseph went to the office, and Joseph gave a necklace to Jennifer
Afterwards, Cody and Kyle went to the station. Cody gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then, Dustin and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Bryan
Then Amy and Matthew were thinking about going to the station, and Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Jason and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a computer to David
Then Jennifer and Steven had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Megan
After the lunch, Bradley and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a ring to Kelly
Then, Ryan and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Bryan
Afterwards, Tyler and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a bone to Sara
Afterwards, Lindsey and Erica went to the office. Erica gave a ring to Katie
Then Paul and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Brian
Then in the morning, Patrick and Travis were working at the office. Patrick decided to give a kiss to Timothy
Then, Jose and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a necklace to Christopher
After taking a long break Alexander and Amanda went to the office, Alexander gave a kiss to Brittany
Then Jason and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Megan
Then, Nicole and Aaron were thinking about going to the store. Aaron wanted to give a bone to Thomas
Afterwards Steven and Eric went to the store, and Eric gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Alicia and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Aaron
Then, Christopher and David had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Then, Jesse and Megan had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Andrew
Then, Tyler and Katie went to the restaurant. Katie gave a computer to Angela
Then, Gregory and Katherine were working at the station. Gregory decided to give a ring to Angela
Then Tiffany and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Steven and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Nicole
Then, Stephen and Lisa were working at the garden. Lisa decided to give a kiss to Anthony
After taking a long break Nicole and Brittany went to the store, Nicole gave a drink to Steven
After the lunch, Vanessa and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Amanda
Then, Adam and Jennifer were working at the store. Adam decided to give a ring to Robert
Then Tyler and Melissa went to the office, and Melissa gave a necklace to Sara
Afterwards Jesse and James went to the hospital, and James gave a kiss to William
Then, Sean and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station. Sean gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Kelly and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Kimberly
Then Erin and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Erin gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Jason and Dustin had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Jamie
Then Katherine and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Lauren
Then in the morning, Christina and Robert went to the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
While spending time together Richard and Lisa were working at the office, Richard gave a kiss to Rachel
Afterwards, while spending time together Richard and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Richard gave a snack to Jesse
Then Erin and Katherine went to the store, and Erin gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Steven and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Megan
Then Richard and Christine had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Alexander
Then, Tyler and Travis were thinking about going to the office. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Afterwards, William and Courtney went to the school. William gave a necklace to Brandon
After the lunch Eric and Kyle went to the store, and Kyle gave a bone to Ashley
Then William and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to James
Then Nathan and Joseph were working at the hospital, and Joseph decided to give a computer to Matthew
Afterwards, Joshua and Timothy went to the station. Joshua gave a basketball to Sara
Then Dustin and Jason had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Jamie
Then, Tyler and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office. Andrew gave a ring to Heather
Then Jose and Alexander were thinking about going to the office, and Alexander wanted to give a snack to Michelle
When soon afterwards Thomas and Anthony got a drink at the station, Thomas decided to give the drink to Erin
Then, Lindsey and Allison had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Melissa
Then, Travis and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
After the lunch Rachel and David went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Kristen and Elizabeth went to the office. Elizabeth gave a computer to John
Afterwards, Mary and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a ring to Ashley
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephanie and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Christine
Then Kelly and Samuel were working at the station, and Kelly decided to give a kiss to David
Then Jessica and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Stephen
Afterwards, while spending time together Nicholas and Anthony went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a necklace to Richard
Then Tiffany and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeffrey gave a computer to Timothy
Then, Kimberly and Richard were working at the hospital. Richard decided to give a snack to Emily
Then Stephanie and Brandon went to the hospital, and Brandon gave a drink to Courtney
Then, Kristen and Courtney had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Stephen
Afterwards Crystal and Jamie went to the house, and Crystal gave a kiss to Christina
Then Jacob and Paul were thinking about going to the school, and Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
While spending time together Christina and Bradley were commuting to the hospital, Christina gave a basketball to Amanda
Then Aaron and Joshua were working at the house, and Aaron decided to give a bone to Emily
Then, Joshua and Samantha went to the house. Joshua gave a kiss to Amanda
Then Joshua and Angela had a lot of fun at the store, and Joshua gave a drink to Eric
After the lunch, Erin and Katherine went to the house. Katherine gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Thomas and Katherine had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Courtney
After taking a long break Sarah and Christina went to the hospital, Sarah gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then Tyler and Adam had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Danielle
Then Kelly and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Samuel
Then Rebecca and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Aaron
Then, Brandon and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Kimberly
Then, Jeremy and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a bone to Nicholas
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Jessica went to the garden. Jennifer gave a ring to Mark
Then Amanda and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Jason
Then, Laura and Katherine had a lot of fun at the house. Laura gave a drink to Kevin
Then Kevin and Brittany went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Afterwards Lauren and Kenneth went to the office, and Lauren gave a computer to Lindsey
After the lunch David and Megan went to the restaurant, and Megan gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Justin and Steven had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Justin gave a computer to Vanessa
Afterwards, Thomas and Benjamin went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Jeremy and Charles had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Nicole
Afterwards James and Samuel went to the station, and Samuel gave a snack to Kyle
Then, Samantha and Allison had a lot of fun at the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Jesse and Eric were thinking about going to the garden. Eric wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then Rachel and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Samantha
Then, Stephanie and Amber were thinking about going to the school. Amber wanted to give a bone to David
Then Andrew and Katie were working at the station, and Katie decided to give a computer to Mark
Then, Christine and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Christine said to Benjamin
Then, Aaron and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Jennifer
Then, Emily and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards, Timothy and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Justin and Ashley went to the school, and Justin gave a necklace to Patrick
Then, Elizabeth and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Charles
Then Sean and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then in the morning, Brandon and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the station. Brandon wanted to give a necklace to Kevin
Friends separated at birth David and Timothy found a computer at the restaurant. David gave it to Brittany
Then William and Elizabeth went to the garden, and William gave a drink to Sarah
Then Jeremy and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Afterwards, Jose and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Anthony and Benjamin were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
Then, Thomas and Aaron had a lot of fun at the office. Thomas gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Nicole and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Patrick said to Brian
Afterwards, while spending time together Megan and Crystal went to the store. Megan gave a kiss to Elizabeth
Then, Lauren and Amanda had a lot of fun at the school. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Andrea and William were working at the store. Andrea decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
Then, Shannon and Kyle were working at the station. Kyle decided to give a computer to Christina
Then William and Timothy went to the hospital, and Timothy gave a necklace to Kevin
Afterwards, Bradley and Elizabeth went to the school. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Matthew
Afterwards, Benjamin and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Afterwards Jennifer and Kevin went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
While spending time together Stephanie and James were commuting to the house, Stephanie gave a necklace to Laura
Then, Nicholas and Sarah were thinking about going to the station. Sarah wanted to give a necklace to Alicia
Afterwards, Jeffrey and Brian went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a drink to Jesse
After the lunch, Michelle and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a snack to Bryan
Then, Timothy and William went to the hospital. Timothy gave a necklace to Kevin
Then, Katherine and Stephen went to the house. Katherine gave a basketball to Sara
Then Joshua and Michelle were working at the restaurant, and Michelle decided to give a kiss to David
Afterwards Erica and Sara went to the station, and Erica gave a bone to Brian
Then Jesse and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Friends separated at birth Jose and Courtney found a basketball at the house. Jose gave it to Dustin
Then, Megan and Katherine were working at the office. Megan decided to give a ring to Richard
Then, Gregory and Steven were thinking about going to the store. Gregory wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
When soon afterwards Patrick and Stephanie got a snack at the restaurant, Patrick decided to give the snack to Justin
After taking a long break Charles and Kenneth went to the station, Charles gave a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Samuel and Michael went to the office. Samuel gave a ring to Andrea
Then Bradley and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the office, and Elizabeth wanted to give a ring to Laura
Then, Sean and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Jason
Then Travis and Aaron went to the school, and Aaron gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Kevin and Erin had a long argument and after that Erin said to Lindsay
Then, Sarah and Nathan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sarah gave a ring to Richard
Afterwards Michael and Justin went to the station, and Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then Mark and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Danielle
Then Lindsey and Samuel had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Ryan and Michael got a ring at the station, Ryan decided to give the ring to Erin
Then Jonathan and Laura were working at the garden, and Jonathan decided to give a bone to Justin
Then Erin and Justin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Justin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then Kimberly and Richard were working at the hospital, and Richard decided to give a snack to Emily
Afterwards Tyler and Amber went to the hospital, and Amber gave a necklace to Dustin
After the lunch, David and William went to the school. William gave a bone to Nicole
After the lunch, Brittany and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Alexander and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Patrick gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Christopher and Bradley went to the school. Bradley gave a ring to Emily
Then, Nicole and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then, Emily and Samantha had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Jose
Then Allison and Sean were working at the store, and Sean decided to give a bone to Kenneth
Afterwards, Amanda and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a kiss to Eric
Afterwards, Jennifer and Michael went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Matthew and Jacob were working at the restaurant. Matthew decided to give a bone to Jonathan
While spending time together Amber and Brandon were working at the school, Amber gave a drink to Melissa
Afterwards Kelly and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After taking a long break William and Kevin went to the station, William gave a drink to Lindsay
After the lunch in the afternoon, Sara and Lindsay went to the hospital. Sara gave a kiss to Cody
After the lunch, Stephanie and Patrick went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a necklace to Eric
Then Jose and Nicole had a lot of fun at the store, and Jose gave a necklace to Courtney
The local big store Heather and Emily went to had a necklace. Heather gave it to Gregory
Afterwards Alicia and Jose went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Vanessa and Travis went to the garden, and Travis gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Jason and Daniel went to the station. Daniel gave a kiss to Kevin
Then in the morning, James and Lindsay were working at the office. James decided to give a computer to Laura
Then in the morning, Kyle and Sarah were thinking about going to the hospital. Kyle wanted to give a necklace to Stephanie
While spending time together Jonathan and Lisa were commuting to the office, Jonathan gave a bone to Sarah
Afterwards Thomas and Benjamin went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Brittany and Crystal had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Crystal gave a ring to Erica
After the lunch Ryan and Joshua went to the school, and Joshua gave a drink to Ashley
Then, Erica and Michael were working at the office. Michael decided to give a kiss to Amanda
Then Daniel and Tiffany were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then Lisa and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house, and Lisa gave a snack to Nicole
Then Tiffany and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Mary
Then Melissa and Daniel were thinking about going to the office, and Daniel wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then, Joshua and Adam had a long argument and after that Adam said to Lindsey
Then Samantha and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Justin
Then, Shannon and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Allison
Then, Aaron and Travis went to the school. Aaron gave a bone to Patrick
Then Andrew and Tyler went to the station, and Tyler gave a drink to Nathan
After the lunch Amber and Kimberly went to the store, and Kimberly gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Jesse and Vanessa were working at the office. Vanessa decided to give a ring to Katherine
Afterwards, Cody and Anthony went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Rachel and Michelle had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Samantha
After the lunch Robert and Shannon went to the restaurant, and Shannon gave a snack to Andrea
Afterwards Eric and Steven went to the store, and Eric gave a bone to Ryan
Then Lindsay and Brian had a lot of fun at the store, and Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
After the lunch Lindsay and Brian went to the school, and Lindsay gave a snack to Michael
Then, Daniel and Richard had a lot of fun at the school. Richard gave a kiss to Samuel
Then, Brian and Eric had a long argument and after that Eric said to Jacob
Then Kyle and Mark went to the restaurant, and Mark gave a kiss to Michelle
Then, Joseph and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to Stephanie
After the lunch Melissa and Mark went to the school, and Mark gave a drink to Mary
Then, Mark and Michael were working at the office. Michael decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then, Samuel and Kyle had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Gregory
Then, Christine and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Stephanie
Then, Travis and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Richard
After the lunch, Bryan and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a bone to Shannon
Then Rebecca and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the store, and Jeremy gave a snack to Jacob
Then Katie and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Kyle
Friends separated at birth Jesse and Eric found a basketball at the house. Jesse gave it to Jessica
Then, Andrea and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to Gregory
Afterwards Danielle and Tyler went to the hospital, and Tyler gave a ring to Michael
Then, Rebecca and Heather had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Heather gave a ring to Brian
Then Katie and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Katie gave a computer to Angela
Then, Laura and Allison were working at the hospital. Allison decided to give a kiss to John
Then Michelle and Lindsey went to the office, and Michelle gave a drink to Ryan
Then, Jeremy and Christina had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Jeffrey
Then, Dustin and Angela had a lot of fun at the house. Angela gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Kristen and Michael were thinking about going to the school, and Kristen wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, David and Christina had a long argument and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Afterwards Christina and Alicia went to the garden, and Alicia gave a ring to Andrew
Then, Jeremy and Andrew were thinking about going to the house. Jeremy wanted to give a computer to Robert
Then Bradley and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Afterwards Michael and Kenneth went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Christopher and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Christopher wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then, Andrea and Kristen went to the school. Kristen gave a computer to Jose
After the lunch, Ashley and Dustin went to the school. Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Then Alicia and Travis had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Travis gave a snack to Vanessa
Then Erica and Megan were thinking about going to the station, and Megan wanted to give a computer to Christine
After the lunch, Brian and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Brandon and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Lindsey
After the lunch Jeffrey and Lisa went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then, Bradley and Sarah had a lot of fun at the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Kristen and John went to the restaurant. John gave a bone to Lisa
Then, Jacob and Michael were working at the office. Jacob decided to give a ring to Heather
Then Michael and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michael gave a bone to Emily
Afterwards William and Laura went to the hospital, and Laura gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Robert and Angela had a long argument, and after that Angela said to Brittany
Then Richard and Rebecca were working at the office, and Rebecca decided to give a snack to Kyle
While spending time together Christine and Christopher were working at the station, Christine gave a computer to Jose
Then, Justin and Erin were thinking about going to the hospital. Justin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then Robert and Samuel were working at the station, and Samuel decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then, Vanessa and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a ring to Alicia
After the lunch Rebecca and Sean went to the station, and Sean gave a necklace to Sara
Then Stephanie and Samuel were thinking about going to the school, and Samuel wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then Mark and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Sarah
Afterwards, while spending time together Jessica and Megan went to the store. Jessica gave a computer to Thomas
Then Jennifer and Jeremy were working at the house, and Jeremy decided to give a snack to Brian
Then Brian and Allison were working at the station, and Allison decided to give a snack to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Jacob and Matthew had a lot of fun at the garden. Jacob gave a ring to Amy
Afterwards Melissa and Thomas went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Justin and Steven had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Justin gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Ashley and Michelle were working at the restaurant. Michelle decided to give a drink to Sara
Then in the morning, Kyle and Amy were working at the house. Kyle decided to give a ring to David
Then in the morning afterwards, David and John had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Eric
Friends separated at birth Steven and Allison found a necklace at the house. Steven gave it to Danielle
Friends separated at birth Christina and Brittany found a ring at the garden. Christina gave it to Erin
The local big garden Paul and Tiffany went to had a computer. Paul gave it to Megan
After the lunch Courtney and Joshua went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a drink to Michelle
Then, Kyle and Katherine had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Lauren
Then, William and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
After taking a long break Jeremy and Joshua went to the school, Jeremy gave a computer to Jacob
Afterwards, Lindsey and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a snack to Anthony
Then William and Andrea were thinking about going to the school, and William wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then Anthony and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then, Cody and Jacob were working at the hospital. Jacob decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Kimberly and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Rebecca said to Justin
Then James and Travis had a long argument, and after that James said to Michael
Then, Melissa and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Anthony
Then Ashley and Mary were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then, Adam and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a snack to Kevin
Then in the morning afterwards, Samantha and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Brian
Afterwards Benjamin and Kevin went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a basketball to Christopher
Afterwards, Jessica and Jeffrey went to the office. Jessica gave a snack to Robert
Afterwards Lindsay and Sara went to the school, and Sara gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Alicia and Kyle had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Steven
While spending time together Lindsey and Sara were working at the restaurant, Lindsey gave a kiss to Kyle
Then, Courtney and Lindsay were thinking about going to the hospital. Courtney wanted to give a necklace to Heather
Then in the morning, Kelly and Jose were working at the store. Kelly decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then, William and Elizabeth went to the garden. William gave a drink to Sarah
Then Brandon and Brittany were thinking about going to the house, and Brittany wanted to give a computer to John
Then Stephanie and Erin had a long argument, and after that Erin said to Aaron
After the lunch Sarah and Courtney went to the restaurant, and Sarah gave a bone to Robert
Then Shannon and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Amanda
Then in the morning, Christine and Katherine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a snack to Christopher
Then, Andrea and Samantha had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Nathan
Then, Tiffany and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the station. Kenneth gave a bone to Shannon
When soon afterwards Christopher and Samuel got a kiss at the school, Christopher decided to give the kiss to Samantha
Then, Eric and Matthew went to the garden. Matthew gave a computer to Erica
Then, Jennifer and Joseph had a long argument and after that Joseph said to Stephen
While spending time together Alexander and Crystal were working at the store, Alexander gave a basketball to Travis
Then, Erica and Sean were thinking about going to the garden. Erica wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Then James and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the school, and James gave a ring to William
Afterwards Jamie and Crystal went to the house, and Crystal gave a kiss to Christina
Then Erica and Elizabeth were working at the restaurant, and Elizabeth decided to give a snack to Christina
Then, Brian and Megan were working at the station. Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch, Allison and Stephanie went to the station. Allison gave a drink to Crystal
After taking a long break Shannon and Andrea went to the house, Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then Jesse and Nicole were working at the house, and Nicole decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then, Katherine and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a computer to Paul
Then Sara and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Michelle
Then, David and Nicholas went to the office. Nicholas gave a computer to Nathan
Then Erica and Sara had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Benjamin
Then, Samantha and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the school. Samantha gave a bone to Andrew
After the lunch, Nicole and Erin went to the house. Erin gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Paul and Nicholas had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Jamie
After taking a long break Lindsey and Joseph went to the restaurant, Lindsey gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Samuel and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Patrick
Then, Erin and Adam were thinking about going to the house. Adam wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then Scott and Melissa were thinking about going to the store, and Melissa wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then Benjamin and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Dustin and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Travis
Then, Ryan and Katie had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Kyle
Then, Jessica and Katherine had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Jamie
Then Daniel and Jessica were working at the school, and Jessica decided to give a bone to Adam
Then, Robert and Sara went to the store. Robert gave a computer to Lindsay
Afterwards Kelly and Christopher went to the office, and Kelly gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Sean and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store. Alicia gave a necklace to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Kelly and Vanessa went to the station. Kelly gave a ring to Thomas
Then, Crystal and Scott had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Courtney
Afterwards Tiffany and Kelly went to the office, and Tiffany gave a drink to Stephen
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Crystal got a ring at the house, Lindsey decided to give it to Samantha
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Samantha got a snack at the store, Lindsey decided to give the snack to Bradley
Then in the morning, William and Jacob went to the hospital. William gave a kiss to James
Then, Stephanie and Jason were working at the hospital. Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
