Then, Ryan and Emily had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Ryan
After the lunch, Lindsay and Justin went to the house. Ashley gave a bone to Lindsay
Then Laura and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office, and Kyle gave a kiss to Laura
Then, Samantha and Adam were working at the garden. Nathan decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Joseph and Megan went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Joseph
Then Courtney and Aaron went to the office, and Jennifer gave a necklace to Courtney
While spending time together Alicia and Katherine were working at the office, Laura gave a bone to Katherine
Then, Melissa and Michelle had a lot of fun at the hospital. Joseph gave a necklace to Melissa
Then Angela and Elizabeth went to the office, and Michael gave a bone to Angela
Afterwards Jeffrey and Bradley went to the house, and Jesse gave a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards Gregory and Brandon went to the school, and Jonathan gave a snack to Gregory
Then, Megan and Nicole went to the hospital. Cody gave a bone to Nicole
Then, Amber and David were thinking about going to the school. Stephanie wanted to give a bone to David
Then Christopher and Tiffany were working at the restaurant, and Sara decided to give a ring to Christopher
Then Brandon and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house, and Kenneth gave a bone to Brandon
Then, Jeffrey and Erin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a computer to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Crystal and Joseph went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Nathan and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Amber said to Benjamin
Then, Ryan and Alicia were working at the restaurant. Gregory decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then Justin and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Kimberly said to Justin
Then Brittany and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Brittany
Then Paul and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Michelle
Then Robert and Kelly were working at the restaurant, and Amanda decided to give a kiss to Robert
After the lunch, Michael and Lindsay went to the school. Brian gave a snack to Michael
Then in the morning, Katie and Crystal were thinking about going to the hospital. Kelly wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then, Nathan and Bradley had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Bradley
Then Richard and Rebecca went to the garden, and Amy gave a necklace to Rebecca
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joseph and Lisa went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a computer to Lisa
Afterwards, Stephanie and Lindsey went to the school. Joseph gave a ring to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Steven and Samantha went to the garden. Nicole gave a kiss to Samantha
After the lunch Emily and Nicholas went to the school, and Andrea gave a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards Kyle and Danielle went to the garden, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Jeffrey and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Christina said to Jeffrey
Then, Cody and Christopher were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then, Steven and Alicia went to the office. Jose gave a basketball to Steven
Then Lindsey and Adam had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Lindsey
Then, Michael and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Scott gave a bone to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Sara and Michael went to the garden. Anthony gave a necklace to Michael
Then, Katherine and Vanessa were working at the office. Jesse decided to give a ring to Katherine
Then Justin and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Ashley
The local big store Stephanie and Nicole went to had a snack. Sean gave it to Nicole
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeremy and Samantha went to the station. Robert gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Katherine and Megan were thinking about going to the station, and Kristen wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then in the morning, Jacob and Bradley were thinking about going to the hospital. Danielle wanted to give a ring to Bradley
Then, James and Lindsay had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to James
While spending time together Stephanie and Adam were commuting to the station, Mark gave a drink to Adam
Then Mark and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Erica and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Eric gave a ring to Allison
Afterwards Stephen and Tiffany went to the office, and Kelly gave a drink to Stephen
Then, Joshua and John had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Joshua
Then, Sean and Amber were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Robert and Travis went to the hospital. James gave a ring to Travis
Then, Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, John and Anthony had a long argument and after that Jessica said to John
Then Brandon and Kevin had a lot of fun at the store, and Dustin gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Nicole and Lauren were thinking about going to the store. Amber wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Afterwards Dustin and Sean went to the house, and Nicholas gave a snack to Sean
Friends separated at birth Angela and Jeremy found a necklace at the hospital. Daniel gave it to Jeremy
Afterwards Vanessa and Jamie went to the restaurant, and Christopher gave a necklace to Vanessa
Then, Melissa and Justin were thinking about going to the store. Amanda wanted to give a computer to Melissa
Afterwards, while spending time together Christine and Brandon went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a bone to Brandon
Afterwards Sara and Robert went to the store, and Patrick gave a drink to Sara
Then, Laura and James were working at the office. Michael decided to give a computer to Laura
Afterwards, Michael and Christina went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a drink to Michael
Then, Jacob and Heather were working at the office. Michael decided to give a ring to Heather
Afterwards Ryan and Lauren went to the garden, and Scott gave a computer to Ryan
Afterwards Crystal and Joseph went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Crystal
After the lunch Scott and Lindsay went to the school, and Ashley gave a ring to Lindsay
Then Katie and Angela went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a computer to Angela
Then, Danielle and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Danielle
After the lunch Melissa and Katherine went to the house, and Stephen gave a computer to Katherine
Then Sara and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Sara
Afterwards Brandon and Michelle went to the garden, and Erin gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Paul and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Paul
Then, Gregory and Courtney went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Gregory
Then Nicole and Christina had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Nicole
Then in the morning, Cody and Lindsay went to the store. Anthony gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards Kevin and Brittany went to the restaurant, and Andrew gave a computer to Kevin
Then, Aaron and Eric had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michael gave a computer to Eric
After the lunch, Robert and Sarah went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a bone to Robert
Then Laura and Cody were working at the restaurant, and Crystal decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Adam and Timothy went to the station, and Jeremy gave a snack to Adam
Then, Kelly and Thomas went to the station. Joseph gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Brittany and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Mary
Then in the morning, Timothy and Rachel were thinking about going to the office. Jennifer wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Then, Sara and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Megan
Then, Sara and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Sara
Then Jonathan and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Jonathan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Laura and Michael went to the school. Lisa gave a necklace to Michael
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Bryan wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Elizabeth and Tyler had a lot of fun at the store. John gave a kiss to Tyler
After the lunch Travis and Lauren went to the school, and Brian gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Joshua and Anthony had a lot of fun at the station. Sara gave a computer to Anthony
Then Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a snack to Lauren
Friends separated at birth Christina and Samantha found a kiss at the store. Kevin gave it to Samantha
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephanie were working at the hospital. Sean decided to give a basketball to Stephanie
While spending time together Katie and Christopher were working at the store, Dustin gave a snack to Christopher
Then John and Timothy had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jamie gave a necklace to Timothy
Then Courtney and Erica went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Erica
Then Jamie and Kenneth went to the office, and Benjamin gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Jennifer and Crystal were working at the office. Amy decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Nicole and Sean had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Nicole
Then in the morning, Michelle and Shannon went to the station. Amy gave a ring to Shannon
Then, David and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Rebecca
Then Tiffany and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jonathan gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Jeffrey and Sean had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then Adam and Erin were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then, Justin and Courtney were working at the hospital. Kevin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
After the lunch in the afternoon, John and Anthony went to the office. Andrew gave a necklace to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Joseph and Nicholas went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Nicholas
After the lunch, Lauren and Jesse went to the school. Lisa gave a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, Lauren and Richard had a lot of fun at the garden. Erin gave a basketball to Richard
After the lunch, Richard and Sara went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a ring to Sara
The local big garden Eric and Kristen went to had a necklace. Tiffany gave it to Kristen
Afterwards Christopher and Tiffany went to the station, and Jose gave a basketball to Christopher
Then Timothy and Patrick were thinking about going to the house, and Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Timothy
After the lunch Bradley and Stephanie went to the house, and Anthony gave a computer to Bradley
Then in the morning, Stephen and Christine were thinking about going to the station. Jesse wanted to give a basketball to Christine
Then Dustin and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
While spending time together Gregory and Patrick were commuting to the office, Laura gave a necklace to Patrick
Then Kimberly and Adam were thinking about going to the house, and Ashley wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then, Kenneth and Samantha were working at the restaurant. Lindsey decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Kristen and Richard were working at the school. Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Kristen
Afterwards Lindsey and Stephanie went to the school, and Joseph gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Nicholas and Nathan went to the office. David gave a computer to Nathan
Then in the morning, Bradley and Michelle went to the office. Kristen gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Patrick and Justin were thinking about going to the garden. Travis wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Sara and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Michelle
Then, Andrew and Kyle were thinking about going to the store. Bradley wanted to give a basketball to Andrew
Afterwards, Emily and Gregory went to the store. David gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Eric and Angela were working at the school. Nicole decided to give a computer to Angela
Then, Elizabeth and James had a long argument. Afterwards William said to James
Then Erica and Jessica had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Erica
Then in the morning, Andrew and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Erica
Then Samantha and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Robert wanted to give a ring to Samantha
After the lunch Nicholas and Erin went to the office, and Christina gave a necklace to Nicholas
While spending time together Jacob and Anthony were working at the store, William gave a bone to Anthony
Then William and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to William
Then, Kenneth and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Kenneth
Then Rebecca and Katie were thinking about going to the school, and Jason wanted to give a ring to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Brandon and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Lisa
Then, Lisa and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Laura
Then, Shannon and Erin had a lot of fun at the school. Christina gave a basketball to Shannon
While spending time together Shannon and Tyler were working at the house, Katherine gave a basketball to Tyler
Then Angela and Scott were working at the restaurant, and Steven decided to give a ring to Scott
Then in the morning, Stephen and Lisa had a lot of fun at the station. Scott gave a necklace to Lisa
Then, Allison and John went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a computer to John
Then, Gregory and Aaron were thinking about going to the store. Steven wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Kelly and Thomas went to the station, and Joseph gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Kristen and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school, and Katherine gave a necklace to Kristen
Then Lisa and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Lisa
Then Jacob and Mary went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Jacob
Then Mark and Nathan were working at the station, and Amanda decided to give a bone to Nathan
Then, Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to Lauren
Then Michael and Sara were thinking about going to the station, and Jason wanted to give a bone to Michael
Then Steven and Christina went to the station, and Aaron gave a computer to Christina
Then in the morning, Tyler and Nicole went to the hospital. Kyle gave a snack to Nicole
While spending time together Jeremy and Erica were working at the house, Kevin gave a necklace to Erica
While spending time together Jennifer and Robert were commuting to the house, Stephen gave a drink to Robert
Then Ryan and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Ryan
Then Andrea and Lindsay were thinking about going to the house, and Lisa wanted to give a kiss to Andrea
Then, Amy and Amanda went to the store. Bryan gave a basketball to Amy
After the lunch, Nicole and Jason went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a ring to Jason
Then Courtney and Sean were working at the office, and Gregory decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then Nicholas and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Rebecca
Then, Emily and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Tiffany
Then Joseph and Matthew were thinking about going to the garden, and Lisa wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then Jonathan and Bryan were thinking about going to the garden, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then Sean and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then, Timothy and Michelle had a long argument and after that Allison said to Michelle
Afterwards Brandon and Gregory went to the school, and Jonathan gave a snack to Gregory
Then, Kimberly and Travis went to the garden. Vanessa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Sean and Jason had a long argument and after that Aaron said to Sean
After taking a long break Courtney and Heather went to the garden, Stephen gave a drink to Heather
Then Lauren and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Lisa
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Gregory got a kiss at the school, Alexander decided to give the kiss to Gregory
Then Shannon and Erin had a lot of fun at the school, and Christina gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Lauren and Jessica went to the store, and Jason gave a drink to Jessica
Then Dustin and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Dustin
After the lunch Nicholas and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Sarah gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Jeremy and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jeremy
Then, Benjamin and Nathan had a long argument and after that Amber said to Benjamin
Then, Ryan and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsay gave a computer to Stephanie
Then Stephen and Kevin were thinking about going to the school, and Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
Then, Joseph and Erin had a lot of fun at the house. Jeremy gave a drink to Erin
After the lunch, Steven and Kimberly went to the store. Amber gave a necklace to Steven
When soon afterwards Robert and Mark got a kiss at the restaurant, Lindsey decided to give it to Mark
Then Jeffrey and Jacob were working at the hospital, and Cody decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Courtney and Thomas went to the hospital. Megan gave a basketball to Courtney
After the lunch, Bradley and Sarah went to the station. Heather gave a computer to Sarah
Then, Allison and Lindsay went to the garden. Dustin gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Jose and Lauren had a lot of fun at the garden, and Andrew gave a computer to Lauren
Then Anthony and Joshua were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a snack to Anthony
Then in the morning, Joshua and Alexander were working at the restaurant. Amanda decided to give a ring to Alexander
Afterwards, Michael and Sara went to the garden. Anthony gave a necklace to Michael
After the lunch, Danielle and Melissa went to the school. Matthew gave a bone to Danielle
Then in the morning, Kyle and David were working at the house. Amy decided to give a ring to David
Then, Crystal and Courtney had a long argument and after that Scott said to Courtney
Then, Kelly and Shannon were working at the store. Richard decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then, Adam and Katie were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Adam
Afterwards, Bryan and Andrew went to the house. Kenneth gave a drink to Andrew
Afterwards Shannon and Mark went to the hospital, and Jason gave a kiss to Shannon
Then, Benjamin and Allison had a long argument and after that Heather said to Benjamin
Then Jessica and Bradley went to the office, and Erica gave a ring to Jessica
Then Samantha and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Amanda
Then Mary and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Courtney said to Mary
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Kimberly got a drink at the office, Benjamin decided to give it to Kimberly
Afterwards Kelly and Cody went to the office, and Anthony gave a snack to Kelly
Then Robert and Richard had a lot of fun at the office, and Tyler gave a kiss to Richard
Then Michelle and Stephanie were working at the hospital, and Jason decided to give a computer to Michelle
Afterwards, Brian and Alexander went to the store. William gave a necklace to Brian
Then Lindsay and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Daniel
After the lunch, Shannon and Jamie went to the office. Jennifer gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Aaron and Kelly were working at the school. Christina decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Then Jessica and Jose were working at the garden, and Nicholas decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then Andrew and Dustin were working at the office, and John decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Sean and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden. Jessica gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then Danielle and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Danielle
Then Shannon and Mark were thinking about going to the office, and Sean wanted to give a computer to Shannon
After the lunch, Kevin and Nathan went to the restaurant. Allison gave a basketball to Nathan
After the lunch Patrick and Adam went to the garden, and Amy gave a basketball to Patrick
Then Lindsey and Justin were thinking about going to the school, and William wanted to give a snack to Justin
After the lunch, Amanda and Alicia went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to Amanda
Then Lisa and Bradley were thinking about going to the school, and Amy wanted to give a computer to Bradley
Afterwards, Nicole and Jamie went to the office. Mark gave a ring to Nicole
Then Ryan and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Tyler
After the lunch Vanessa and Ashley went to the school, and Dustin gave a computer to Vanessa
After the lunch Brandon and Jonathan went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Brandon
While spending time together Joshua and Heather were commuting to the hospital, Bryan gave a bone to Heather
When soon afterwards Kelly and Angela got a basketball at the restaurant, Jamie decided to give it to Angela
Then Tyler and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store, and John gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Samuel and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Charles
Then, Matthew and Travis had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Travis
Afterwards Matthew and Elizabeth went to the school, and Bradley gave a necklace to Matthew
After the lunch, Samuel and Rachel went to the station. David gave a ring to Samuel
Then Courtney and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the station, and Steven gave a ring to Courtney
Then Emily and Laura had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrew gave a computer to Emily
Then Courtney and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Courtney
Then, Jeremy and Benjamin went to the office. Sara gave a drink to Benjamin
After the lunch, Kevin and Benjamin went to the station. James gave a basketball to Kevin
Then, Adam and Gregory were thinking about going to the house. Erin wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then Daniel and Heather were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then Cody and Christopher were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then, Vanessa and Justin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Steven gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Samuel and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Samuel
Then, Lisa and Bryan were working at the restaurant. Jacob decided to give a computer to Bryan
Then Rebecca and Richard went to the garden, and Amy gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Mary and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jessica gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Christina and Sean were working at the hospital. Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Christina
Then, Lauren and Shannon went to the store. Matthew gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Ryan and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Sarah
Afterwards, Mark and Charles went to the store. Kimberly gave a basketball to Mark
Then Jose and Rachel were thinking about going to the station, and Amanda wanted to give a necklace to Jose
Then James and Robert were thinking about going to the office, and Lisa wanted to give a bone to James
After the lunch Patrick and Ashley went to the house, and Jamie gave a snack to Patrick
Then Patrick and William were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Bryan wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Tiffany and William went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Jennifer were thinking about going to the store, and Danielle wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then Crystal and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brittany gave a ring to Erica
Then, Andrea and Aaron went to the store. Jacob gave a kiss to Andrea
Then, Tiffany and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Tiffany
Then Kevin and Christine were working at the store, and Steven decided to give a kiss to Kevin
After the lunch, Lindsey and Nathan went to the store. Benjamin gave a necklace to Lindsey
While spending time together Michelle and Matthew were working at the station, Alexander gave a bone to Matthew
After the lunch Danielle and Christine went to the office, and Justin gave a computer to Danielle
Then Bryan and Jonathan were thinking about going to the garden, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Brandon and Tyler went to the store. Nicole gave a necklace to Tyler
Then in the morning, Jacob and Amy had a lot of fun at the garden. Matthew gave a ring to Amy
Then, Aaron and Emily were working at the house. Joshua decided to give a bone to Emily
Then Angela and Danielle had a lot of fun at the school, and Jesse gave a basketball to Danielle
Then Angela and Kelly were working at the garden, and Daniel decided to give a drink to Angela
Then Elizabeth and Jason went to the restaurant, and Ryan gave a snack to Jason
While spending time together Ryan and Lindsay were commuting to the restaurant, Rachel gave a computer to Lindsay
Then, Kenneth and Elizabeth had a long argument and after that Katie said to Kenneth
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrea and Jennifer went to the school. Benjamin gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Nicholas and Paul went to the school, and Katherine gave a computer to Paul
Then, Ryan and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Ryan
Then Andrea and Anthony were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch Amber and Kristen went to the garden, and Aaron gave a necklace to Amber
Then, Stephen and Elizabeth were working at the hospital. Sara decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then, Allison and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Heather said to Benjamin
Then, Lindsay and Kelly went to the school. Elizabeth gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Lisa and Stephen had a lot of fun at the station. Ryan gave a necklace to Lisa
Then Bryan and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Bryan
Afterwards Katie and Erica went to the office, and Lindsey gave a ring to Katie
Then, Tyler and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital. Andrew wanted to give a snack to Tyler
After taking a long break Jennifer and Lindsey went to the station, Scott gave a basketball to Lindsey
Then Kelly and Vanessa went to the garden, and Travis gave a kiss to Kelly
After the lunch, Sara and Justin went to the office. Joshua gave a drink to Justin
Then Brian and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Brian
Then Vanessa and Crystal had a long argument, and after that David said to Crystal
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Patrick got a snack at the store, Erica decided to give it to Patrick
Then Kevin and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Kevin
Then, Tyler and Alicia had a lot of fun at the garden. Jeremy gave a drink to Tyler
After the lunch Ryan and Adam went to the store, and Nicole gave a basketball to Ryan
Then, Sean and Richard were thinking about going to the store. Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Then Angela and Dustin were thinking about going to the station, and Mark wanted to give a ring to Angela
Then, Thomas and Stephanie went to the house. William gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Jesse and Kevin were thinking about going to the school. Gregory wanted to give a ring to Jesse
Then, Charles and Mark were working at the office. Gregory decided to give a ring to Charles
Then, Timothy and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden. Sarah gave a snack to Timothy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Kelly went to the garden. Nicole gave a necklace to Kelly
Then Bryan and Sara had a lot of fun at the office, and David gave a basketball to Sara
Then Crystal and Jennifer were working at the office, and Amy decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Afterwards Justin and Cody went to the office, and Samuel gave a bone to Cody
Then in the morning afterwards, Rebecca and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Heather
Then Adam and Angela were working at the store, and John decided to give a bone to Angela
Then, Erica and Andrew had a long argument and after that Emily said to Erica
Then, Paul and Justin were thinking about going to the store. Stephanie wanted to give a ring to Justin
Afterwards, while spending time together Aaron and Brian went to the station. Rachel gave a necklace to Brian
After the lunch Shannon and Amanda went to the store, and Jacob gave a drink to Amanda
Then Katie and Lauren were thinking about going to the office, and Bryan wanted to give a kiss to Katie
Afterwards, Danielle and Kyle went to the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Angela and Lindsay went to the hospital. Michelle gave a basketball to Angela
Then, Aaron and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Aaron
Then, Aaron and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Jennifer
Then, Jason and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Jason
Then Charles and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Charles
Then, Ashley and Richard were working at the office. Amber decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then Ryan and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrew gave a basketball to Ryan
Then, Christina and Eric went to the house. James gave a ring to Eric
Then in the morning, Christopher and Melissa were working at the office. Timothy decided to give a necklace to Melissa
Then, Robert and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Erin
Then, Nicole and Michelle had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Nicole
When soon afterwards Laura and Adam got a necklace at the restaurant, Mary decided to give the necklace to Adam
After the lunch Rachel and Stephanie went to the garden, and Sara gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Lindsey
After the lunch, Lisa and Brian went to the restaurant. Travis gave a computer to Lisa
Then Christopher and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Timothy
Then, Christine and Courtney were working at the hospital. Bradley decided to give a basketball to Courtney
Then, Robert and Melissa were thinking about going to the store. Scott wanted to give a bone to Robert
Afterwards, Rebecca and Samuel went to the garden. Scott gave a drink to Rebecca
Then Jeremy and Crystal were thinking about going to the office, and Patrick wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Scott and Joseph went to the hospital. Shannon gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Charles and Shannon were thinking about going to the restaurant. Allison wanted to give a necklace to Charles
Then Thomas and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Katherine
When soon afterwards Stephen and Daniel got a necklace at the office, Nicole decided to give the necklace to Daniel
While spending time together Elizabeth and Lauren were working at the store, Lisa gave a necklace to Lauren
Then Jeffrey and Joseph were thinking about going to the hospital, and Rebecca wanted to give a computer to Jeffrey
After the lunch, William and Lindsay went to the station. Andrew gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Laura and Lisa had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Laura
Afterwards Thomas and Kenneth went to the garden, and Steven gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Melissa and Stephen were working at the hospital, and Jeffrey decided to give a drink to Stephen
Then, Shannon and Kyle were working at the garden. Daniel decided to give a necklace to Shannon
Then Tyler and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Tyler
Then, Gregory and Jacob were thinking about going to the store. Jose wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Afterwards, while spending time together Dustin and Aaron went to the store. Tiffany gave a basketball to Aaron
Then Stephanie and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Stephanie
Then Nathan and Amy were thinking about going to the school, and Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Amy
When soon afterwards Lauren and Joshua got a snack at the hospital, Melissa decided to give it to Joshua
Then Richard and Emily were working at the hospital, and Kimberly decided to give a snack to Emily
Then Amanda and Travis had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Travis
Then Thomas and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the office, and Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
After taking a long break Christina and Heather went to the hospital, Elizabeth gave a necklace to Heather
While spending time together Kenneth and Erica were working at the garden, John gave a kiss to Erica
Then Steven and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Shannon
Then Eric and Timothy had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Timothy
Then Dustin and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Bryan
Then David and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Michael
After the lunch, Jennifer and Erin went to the house. Nicole gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Ashley and Allison went to the school, and Christina gave a bone to Allison
Then, Alexander and William had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jason gave a bone to William
Then Ashley and Michelle were working at the restaurant, and Paul decided to give a necklace to Ashley
The local big restaurant Andrea and Alicia went to had a snack. Cody gave it to Alicia
After the lunch, Joshua and Jonathan went to the station. Katherine gave a basketball to Joshua
Then, Kenneth and Joshua went to the store. Elizabeth gave a computer to Kenneth
Then Richard and Elizabeth were working at the house, and Lauren decided to give a snack to Richard
Then in the morning, Ashley and Erica had a lot of fun at the house. Christine gave a computer to Erica
Then Katherine and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Katherine
After the lunch, Ryan and Adam went to the store. Nicole gave a basketball to Ryan
Then Christine and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Christine
Then Sarah and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Sarah
Then Justin and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the school, and Allison gave a ring to Nicholas
Afterwards Tiffany and Kelly went to the office, and Christopher gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Alicia and Bradley were thinking about going to the hospital. Sean wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Afterwards Crystal and Christina went to the house, and Jamie gave a kiss to Christina
Then Anthony and Angela had a lot of fun at the station, and John gave a snack to Anthony
Then Aaron and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the garden, and Allison gave a ring to Jonathan
While spending time together Gregory and Shannon were working at the house, Dustin gave a ring to Shannon
Then Nicole and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Nicole
Afterwards, Anthony and Brian went to the school. Amanda gave a computer to Brian
Then in the morning, Sean and Richard were thinking about going to the store. John wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Then, John and Samantha had a lot of fun at the house. Jamie gave a bone to John
Then in the morning, Adam and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Charles
Then Christina and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Christina
Afterwards Cody and Kenneth went to the station, and Dustin gave a bone to Cody
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Bradley got a necklace at the house, Tiffany decided to give it to Bradley
Then Jesse and Angela were thinking about going to the school, and Mark wanted to give a snack to Angela
Afterwards, Lindsay and Crystal went to the garden. Brian gave a ring to Lindsay
Then Megan and Heather went to the office, and Christina gave a computer to Heather
Then, Jeremy and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office. Jessica wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then Kyle and Danielle were working at the station, and Justin decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Steven and Katie had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Katie
Then, Megan and Kelly had a long argument and after that Jason said to Megan
Then, Michael and Jason were working at the hospital. Nicole decided to give a ring to Michael
Friends separated at birth Aaron and Amy found a basketball at the garden. Bryan gave it to Amy
Then Kevin and Anthony were thinking about going to the garden, and Jonathan wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then, Sean and Robert had a lot of fun at the garden. Daniel gave a snack to Sean
Then Scott and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house, and Christine gave a necklace to Scott
While spending time together Benjamin and Brandon were commuting to the station, Steven gave a drink to Brandon
Friends separated at birth Samuel and Jacob found a necklace at the restaurant. Sara gave it to Jacob
Then Sara and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Sara
Then, Travis and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden. Emily wanted to give a kiss to Travis
Afterwards Daniel and Brian went to the hospital, and Christopher gave a bone to Daniel
Then, Alicia and Kyle were thinking about going to the station. Bryan wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
After the lunch Laura and Jonathan went to the house, and Kevin gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then Kristen and Amber were working at the office, and Shannon decided to give a ring to Amber
After the lunch David and Stephen went to the school, and Jason gave a computer to David
Then, Alexander and Adam had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a basketball to Alexander
After the lunch James and Shannon went to the office, and Alicia gave a ring to James
Then, Elizabeth and Laura were thinking about going to the office. Bradley wanted to give a ring to Laura
Then, James and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Jeffrey
Afterwards, while spending time together Steven and Tiffany went to the store. Courtney gave a ring to Tiffany
After the lunch, Sara and Kyle went to the station. Kristen gave a necklace to Sara
After the lunch, Katherine and David went to the school. Angela gave a snack to David
Afterwards Matthew and Melissa went to the school, and David gave a computer to Matthew
Afterwards, Eric and Ryan went to the store. Steven gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Jeremy and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards James said to Jeremy
Afterwards, while spending time together Eric and Jamie went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a snack to Jamie
Then Megan and Richard were working at the office, and Katherine decided to give a ring to Richard
Then Christine and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Christine
Then Jessica and Erin were thinking about going to the store, and Brandon wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then, Nicholas and Justin had a lot of fun at the school. Allison gave a ring to Nicholas
Then, Brandon and Courtney went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a drink to Courtney
After the lunch, James and Shannon went to the office. Alicia gave a ring to James
Then Travis and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden, and Emily wanted to give a kiss to Travis
Then, Amber and Kristen were working at the office. Shannon decided to give a ring to Amber
Then Nicole and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to Nicole
Then Courtney and Erin went to the office, and Aaron gave a ring to Erin
Afterwards, Lisa and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a kiss to Lisa
After the lunch, Amy and Emily went to the station. Heather gave a bone to Amy
Then in the morning, Christina and Kimberly had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Kimberly
Then in the morning, John and Samuel were working at the house. Christina decided to give a necklace to Samuel
Afterwards Christina and Allison went to the restaurant, and Elizabeth gave a snack to Christina
Then in the morning, Dustin and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Jamie
Then Kristen and Nicole went to the store, and Alicia gave a ring to Kristen
Then, Amy and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Kevin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Shannon went to the restaurant. William gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Lindsey
Then Travis and Courtney had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Courtney
Then, Ryan and Kyle had a long argument and after that Katie said to Kyle
While spending time together Andrew and Bradley were working at the station, Ashley gave a snack to Bradley
Then Kenneth and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Kelly
Then Cody and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Lauren gave a bone to Cody
Then in the morning, Heather and Crystal had a lot of fun at the school. Jose gave a bone to Crystal
After the lunch, Jonathan and Emily went to the school. Amber gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Brandon and Jose had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Jose
Then Kristen and Richard were working at the school, and Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Kristen
Then Justin and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then, Tiffany and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jason gave a kiss to Stephanie
After taking a long break Matthew and Patrick went to the office, Kimberly gave a computer to Patrick
Then Jessica and Matthew were thinking about going to the office, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then Katherine and Amber had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Amber
Then Laura and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Stephanie decided to give a drink to Laura
Then, Joseph and Lisa had a long argument and after that Sara said to Joseph
Then, Samuel and Kyle had a long argument and after that Adam said to Samuel
Then, Matthew and Nicholas were thinking about going to the station. Charles wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then, Jeffrey and Jacob were working at the hospital. Cody decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Emily and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Ryan
Afterwards, Kevin and Brittany went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a computer to Kevin
Then, John and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital. Christine gave a drink to John
Then, Bryan and Kyle had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Kyle
Then, Jacob and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Jacob
While spending time together Samantha and Jose were commuting to the restaurant, Kristen gave a computer to Jose
Then Lindsay and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Jeremy
Then Jesse and Angela were thinking about going to the station, and Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
After the lunch in the afternoon, Samantha and Robert went to the store. Richard gave a computer to Robert
Afterwards, Anthony and Jesse went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a necklace to Jesse
Afterwards Kenneth and Cody went to the station, and Dustin gave a bone to Cody
Then Lindsay and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jose said to Lindsay
After the lunch Kelly and Katie went to the garden, and Stephen gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Timothy and Cody were working at the house. Ryan decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Ryan and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Bryan
Then, Michelle and Ryan went to the office. Lindsey gave a drink to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Courtney and Jesse went to the store. Nicholas gave a drink to Jesse
Then Lindsay and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house, and Scott gave a basketball to Lindsay
After the lunch Nicholas and Paul went to the garden, and Michael gave a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch, Stephanie and Rachel went to the garden. Sara gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Nicole and Lauren were working at the station, and Michelle decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then Rachel and Brian had a lot of fun at the house, and Tiffany gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Alicia and Amber were working at the store. Lindsay decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Joseph and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Jesse gave a kiss to Joseph
Then in the morning, Brittany and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Amy
Then, Lisa and Bradley were thinking about going to the school. Amy wanted to give a computer to Bradley
After the lunch Sarah and Robert went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a bone to Robert
Then Erin and Adam were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then, Joseph and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Joseph
Afterwards Crystal and Lindsay went to the garden, and Brian gave a ring to Lindsay
Then, Erin and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Erin
Then Ryan and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Danielle gave a basketball to Ryan
Then Elizabeth and Robert had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Gregory gave a basketball to Robert
Friends separated at birth Shannon and Angela found a basketball at the garden. Tyler gave it to Angela
After the lunch Emily and Courtney went to the station, and Richard gave a kiss to Emily
Then Courtney and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Courtney
Then Samuel and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Samuel
Then, Eric and Timothy had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Timothy
Then Allison and Sara had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Erica gave a drink to Allison
Then Shannon and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jose gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then Benjamin and Christina had a long argument, and after that David said to Benjamin
Then, William and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school. Andrea wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then, Nathan and Tyler went to the station. Andrew gave a drink to Nathan
Then, William and Andrew were thinking about going to the garden. Ashley wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then, Laura and Amanda were working at the house. Travis decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then, Ryan and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house. David wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
Then, Erin and Joseph had a lot of fun at the house. Jeremy gave a drink to Erin
Afterwards, Melissa and Katherine went to the garden. Gregory gave a basketball to Melissa
Then, Justin and Jonathan were working at the house. Elizabeth decided to give a ring to Justin
Afterwards, Matthew and Kyle went to the hospital. Eric gave a bone to Kyle
Then Kenneth and Samantha were working at the restaurant, and Lindsey decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Stephen and Anthony went to the hospital. John gave a bone to Anthony
Then Laura and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Michelle
After the lunch, Lindsay and Michael went to the school. Brian gave a snack to Michael
Then, Lindsay and Allison went to the garden. Dustin gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Bryan and Nicole had a lot of fun at the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Bryan
Then Bryan and Mary went to the hospital, and Shannon gave a necklace to Bryan
Then Jonathan and Justin were thinking about going to the school, and Ryan wanted to give a necklace to Jonathan
Afterwards, Ryan and Lauren went to the garden. Scott gave a computer to Ryan
After taking a long break Benjamin and Brittany went to the restaurant, Adam gave a computer to Brittany
After taking a long break Katie and Kristen went to the office, Rebecca gave a basketball to Kristen
Then, Christine and Ryan went to the store. Courtney gave a necklace to Christine
Then, Samuel and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Christopher said to Samuel
Then, Bradley and John had a lot of fun at the house. Sarah gave a computer to John
Then, Stephen and Joseph had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Stephen
Then in the morning afterwards, Kristen and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Tiffany
Then, Megan and Richard were thinking about going to the hospital. Christopher wanted to give a necklace to Megan
After the lunch, Thomas and Megan went to the school. Jesse gave a necklace to Thomas
After the lunch, Richard and Patrick went to the house. Jose gave a necklace to Patrick
Then, Melissa and Sara went to the office. Tyler gave a necklace to Sara
Then Jamie and Michael had a lot of fun at the office, and Sara gave a ring to Jamie
Then William and Andrew were thinking about going to the garden, and Ashley wanted to give a snack to Andrew
After the lunch Richard and Sara went to the restaurant, and Bradley gave a ring to Sara
Then Danielle and Steven were working at the store, and Bryan decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then Eric and Lauren went to the store, and Shannon gave a kiss to Lauren
Afterwards Joshua and Heather went to the house, and Christopher gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Kristen and Steven were working at the garden. David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Erin and James went to the house. Samantha gave a snack to James
Then, Travis and Thomas went to the office. Kyle gave a ring to Travis
Afterwards Stephanie and Lindsey went to the school, and Joseph gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Ashley and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Ashley
Then, Andrew and Justin had a lot of fun at the garden. Christopher gave a bone to Andrew
Then, Jesse and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Jesse
Then, Erica and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital. Eric gave a ring to Allison
Then, Adam and Kimberly were thinking about going to the house. Ashley wanted to give a basketball to Adam
After the lunch Michelle and Sara went to the restaurant, and Erica gave a bone to Michelle
Then, Amber and Jamie were thinking about going to the station. Patrick wanted to give a kiss to Amber
While spending time together Christina and Ashley were commuting to the school, Jonathan gave a snack to Ashley
Then Jesse and Melissa were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Christina wanted to give a snack to Jesse
After the lunch, Andrea and Erin went to the hospital. Samuel gave a drink to Erin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Sean and Michael went to the school. Samuel gave a computer to Michael
Then, Christina and Jamie went to the store. Nicholas gave a drink to Christina
Afterwards Allison and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Mary gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Jeffrey and Adam went to the house, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Gregory and Travis went to the house. Lauren gave a necklace to Gregory
Then Richard and Megan were thinking about going to the hospital, and Christopher wanted to give a necklace to Megan
Then Nicholas and Katie were working at the garden, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Tyler and Matthew were working at the office. Nicole decided to give a computer to Tyler
Friends separated at birth Vanessa and Lauren found a bone at the school. Lisa gave it to Lauren
Then, Nicholas and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Nicholas
Then, Anthony and Angela were working at the station. Amy decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then John and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the office, and James gave a basketball to John
Then, Kelly and Lisa went to the garden. Jose gave a snack to Kelly
Then Laura and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Laura
Afterwards, Christopher and Christina went to the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Joshua and Nathan were thinking about going to the garden. Ryan wanted to give a snack to Nathan
Then, Stephanie and Allison were working at the station. Brian decided to give a snack to Stephanie
Then Michelle and Ashley were working at the restaurant, and Paul decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then, Patrick and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Justin
After the lunch Thomas and Megan went to the school, and Jesse gave a necklace to Thomas
Then, Charles and Sarah were working at the garden. Cody decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then, Mark and Katie were working at the station. Andrew decided to give a computer to Mark
Then, Emily and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Emily
After the lunch, Christine and Matthew went to the store. Erica gave a computer to Christine
Then, Scott and Angela were thinking about going to the restaurant. Melissa wanted to give a bone to Scott
Then, James and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to James
After the lunch Jeremy and Lindsey went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Lindsey
Afterwards, Brian and Amber went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a ring to Brian
Then in the morning afterwards, Brian and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Robert
Then, Vanessa and Aaron were working at the restaurant. Kyle decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then Eric and Aaron had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michael gave a computer to Eric
When soon afterwards Crystal and Allison got a kiss at the store, Danielle decided to give it to Allison
Then Jonathan and Lisa went to the school, and Nicholas gave a bone to Jonathan
Afterwards, Sean and Dustin went to the house. Nicholas gave a snack to Sean
Then, Katherine and Kristen were working at the garden. David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephanie and Bradley went to the office. William gave a computer to Bradley
Then, Michael and Lisa went to the school. Tiffany gave a drink to Lisa
Then Bradley and Stephanie went to the garden, and Steven gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, David and Richard were working at the store. Jeffrey decided to give a ring to David
Afterwards Lisa and Benjamin went to the restaurant, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Lisa
Then Mark and Christina had a lot of fun at the office, and Matthew gave a computer to Mark
Then Kenneth and Joshua went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Kenneth
Then, Brittany and Erin had a lot of fun at the school. Sarah gave a ring to Erin
Then James and Kyle had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Alicia and Ryan were working at the restaurant, and Gregory decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then, Richard and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Richard
Then Joshua and Anthony had a lot of fun at the station, and Sara gave a computer to Anthony
Afterwards, Benjamin and Travis went to the station. Megan gave a ring to Travis
Then Lauren and Shannon went to the store, and Matthew gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Erin and Adam were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then Samuel and Angela were thinking about going to the school, and Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Samuel
Then Erica and Crystal had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brittany gave a ring to Erica
Afterwards, Aaron and Nicole went to the school. Bradley gave a drink to Nicole
Then Nathan and Cody had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Lauren gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Jason and Charles went to the garden, and Laura gave a snack to Jason
Then Lauren and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Lauren
Then Richard and Adam were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a snack to Adam
Then Scott and Charles went to the office, and Aaron gave a basketball to Scott
Then Dustin and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Jamie
Then Samantha and Adam were working at the garden, and Nathan decided to give a ring to Samantha
Afterwards, Emily and Timothy went to the store. David gave a drink to Emily
Friends separated at birth Mary and John found a basketball at the store. Charles gave it to John
Afterwards, Michael and Joshua went to the station. Justin gave a drink to Joshua
Afterwards, Vanessa and Jamie went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a necklace to Vanessa
Then Tyler and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Laura
Then in the morning, Emily and Bryan were working at the house. Jennifer decided to give a ring to Bryan
Then Lindsey and Jacob had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Jacob
Then, Jeffrey and Erica had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Jeffrey
After the lunch in the afternoon, Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant. Adam gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Nathan and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Nathan
Then, Jesse and Nicholas were thinking about going to the house. Richard wanted to give a ring to Jesse
Friends separated at birth Brian and Sara found a bone at the station. Eric gave it to Sara
Then Stephanie and Amanda went to the school, and Erin gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Jennifer and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Shannon gave a snack to Jennifer
Afterwards Lindsey and Scott went to the office, and Eric gave a snack to Scott
Then Jason and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Gregory wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Nathan went to the restaurant. David gave a snack to Nathan
Then David and Kyle were working at the house, and Brian decided to give a ring to David
Then, Brian and Patrick had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Brian
While spending time together Benjamin and Kyle were commuting to the store, Tyler gave a drink to Kyle
Then Melissa and Sara went to the office, and Tyler gave a necklace to Sara
Then, Richard and Megan were thinking about going to the hospital. Christopher wanted to give a necklace to Megan
Then Katherine and Timothy were working at the hospital, and Kelly decided to give a bone to Katherine
Then Anthony and Stephen went to the hospital, and John gave a bone to Anthony
Then Paul and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Nicholas
Then Michael and David had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Michael
Then in the morning, Lisa and Alexander were thinking about going to the store. Charles wanted to give a ring to Alexander
Then, Nicole and Lauren were working at the station. Michelle decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then Matthew and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school, and Joseph gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Cody and Laura were working at the restaurant. Crystal decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then, Laura and Michelle had a long argument and after that Amy said to Michelle
Then, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Jennifer
Then, Matthew and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the station. Amy wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then, Erin and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Jamie
Then Danielle and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Lauren
Then in the morning, Steven and Robert were working at the office. Rachel decided to give a kiss to Robert
Then in the morning, Megan and Vanessa were working at the school. Adam decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Amy and Kelly were working at the station. Paul decided to give a computer to Amy
Then Danielle and Crystal were working at the hospital, and Jamie decided to give a computer to Danielle
After the lunch Shannon and Lauren went to the house, and Eric gave a ring to Shannon
Then, Mark and Lauren had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Lauren
Afterwards Emily and Gregory went to the store, and David gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Amy and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Amy
Then Dustin and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Dustin
Then, William and Alexander had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jason gave a bone to William
Then, Michelle and David were working at the restaurant. Joshua decided to give a kiss to David
Then James and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Brandon
Then, Heather and Courtney were thinking about going to the hospital. Lindsay wanted to give a necklace to Heather
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Erin got a necklace at the store, Jesse decided to give it to Erin
While spending time together Ashley and Courtney were commuting to the restaurant, Steven gave a bone to Courtney
After the lunch, Jacob and Thomas went to the house. Eric gave a drink to Thomas
Then Angela and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a computer to Angela
Then in the morning, Eric and Timothy had a lot of fun at the hospital. Elizabeth gave a drink to Timothy
Then, Eric and Jamie went to the school. Ryan gave a ring to Eric
Then Sara and Michael were thinking about going to the station, and Jason wanted to give a bone to Michael
Afterwards Jeremy and Kenneth went to the station, and Rachel gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Megan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Michael gave a basketball to Megan
Friends separated at birth William and Bryan found a ring at the school. Anthony gave it to Bryan
After the lunch, Sarah and Robert went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a bone to Robert
Afterwards Stephanie and Allison went to the hospital, and Mary gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Lindsay and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Lindsay
Then, Jason and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, Michelle and Paul had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Michelle
After taking a long break Jeremy and Daniel went to the house, Samantha gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Elizabeth and Stephen were working at the hospital, and Sara decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then, Sean and Lisa had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brittany gave a drink to Sean
Then in the morning, Laura and Kelly went to the house. Lauren gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Cody and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the garden. Joseph gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Lindsey and Sarah had a long argument and after that Robert said to Sarah
Then, Travis and Sean were thinking about going to the station. Jonathan wanted to give a bone to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, Tyler and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to Sean
While spending time together Christina and Jacob were working at the store, James gave a necklace to Jacob
After the lunch, Bryan and Sara went to the house. Michael gave a drink to Sara
Afterwards, Gregory and Emily went to the store. David gave a bone to Gregory
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Robert were thinking about going to the office. Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Robert
Afterwards, Christine and Brian went to the store. Jennifer gave a bone to Brian
Then Amber and Danielle were working at the restaurant, and Tiffany decided to give a bone to Amber
While spending time together Richard and Jeffrey were working at the hospital, Lisa gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Jason and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Angela wanted to give a bone to Jason
Then Michael and Brandon had a lot of fun at the school, and Vanessa gave a drink to Michael
Afterwards, Joseph and Stephanie went to the school. Shannon gave a snack to Joseph
Then Bradley and Christina were working at the station, and Tiffany decided to give a drink to Bradley
After the lunch Lindsey and Jennifer went to the station, and Lauren gave a basketball to Lindsey
Then Rachel and David were working at the store, and Lisa decided to give a computer to David
After the lunch Eric and Sean went to the garden, and Megan gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Dustin and Anthony had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Anthony
Then in the morning, Kelly and Shannon were working at the store. Jose decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then Amy and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Melissa
Then, Gregory and Samuel had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Gregory
When soon afterwards Katherine and Lindsey got a necklace at the store, Eric decided to give the necklace to Lindsey
Then, Paul and Samuel were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Katherine
Then, Melissa and Jesse were thinking about going to the restaurant. Christina wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Afterwards, Melissa and Christine went to the house. Laura gave a basketball to Christine
Then Justin and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Steven gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Alexander and Christine had a long argument and after that Richard said to Alexander
Then, Megan and Cody were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a bone to Megan
After the lunch Ashley and Patrick went to the house, and Jamie gave a snack to Patrick
Afterwards Nicole and Amanda went to the house, and Steven gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Bryan and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Joseph
Then, Sara and Alicia went to the restaurant. Amy gave a bone to Sara
Afterwards Bryan and Sarah went to the house, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Bryan
Then, Charles and Scott went to the office. Aaron gave a basketball to Scott
After the lunch, Paul and Kyle went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Nicole and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant. Sean wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Then, Adam and Erin were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a drink to Erin
Then, Samantha and Kenneth were working at the restaurant. Lindsey decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then Mary and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Kenneth
After the lunch, Stephen and Kelly went to the store. Andrew gave a necklace to Kelly
Then in the morning afterwards, Samantha and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Vanessa
After the lunch, Sara and Bryan went to the house. Michael gave a drink to Sara
Then in the morning, Richard and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Lisa
Then, Sean and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Steven said to Benjamin
Then, Christopher and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Samantha
Then, Nicole and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store. Crystal wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Katie
Then Samantha and Kimberly went to the station, and Jesse gave a computer to Samantha
Then, Lindsay and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the school. Timothy wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Daniel and Ashley were thinking about going to the house. Jeffrey wanted to give a drink to Ashley
Afterwards Amy and Paul went to the garden, and Anthony gave a snack to Amy
Afterwards Brian and Alexander went to the store, and William gave a necklace to Brian
Then in the morning, Charles and Jose were thinking about going to the house. Samuel wanted to give a snack to Jose
Then Lisa and Stephen had a lot of fun at the station, and Ryan gave a necklace to Lisa
After the lunch, John and Amy went to the store. Joshua gave a snack to John
After taking a long break Paul and Andrew went to the garden, Joseph gave a bone to Andrew
Afterwards Cody and Thomas went to the house, and Nicholas gave a computer to Thomas
Then, Anthony and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Dustin
Then, John and Elizabeth were working at the house. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then, Christopher and Adam went to the school. Jose gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Vanessa and Tiffany were working at the station. Nathan decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Lindsey went to the garden, and Ashley gave a ring to Lindsey
Afterwards, Benjamin and Michael went to the station. Bryan gave a bone to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Kelly gave a snack to Thomas
Then, Lindsay and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Jeremy
Afterwards Kyle and Vanessa went to the house, and Stephen gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Erica and Emily were thinking about going to the office. Alicia wanted to give a kiss to Erica
After taking a long break Alexander and Brittany went to the office, Amanda gave a kiss to Brittany
Then, Jason and Eric had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Jason
Then, Nicole and Jamie were working at the house. Jesse decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then, Stephanie and Nathan had a long argument and after that Sean said to Stephanie
Then Jason and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Ryan
Then Travis and Thomas went to the office, and Kyle gave a ring to Travis
Then, Kyle and James had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Jamie and Rebecca went to the school, and Joseph gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards, Cody and Aaron went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to Cody
After the lunch Megan and Christina went to the office, and Kristen gave a drink to Megan
Then Elizabeth and Richard were working at the house, and Lauren decided to give a snack to Richard
Afterwards Jose and Jamie went to the house, and Christine gave a bone to Jose
Then in the morning, Samantha and Andrew had a lot of fun at the school. James gave a bone to Andrew
After the lunch Christina and James went to the garden, and David gave a drink to Christina
Then Stephanie and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Stephanie
Then, David and Amber were working at the school. Mark decided to give a basketball to David
Then Jeffrey and Matthew had a lot of fun at the school, and Joseph gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Christina and Eric went to the house. Robert gave a ring to Eric
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Sean were working at the restaurant. Crystal decided to give a kiss to Sean
Then Stephen and Angela were thinking about going to the office, and Christina wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then Jamie and Katie went to the store, and Kenneth gave a snack to Katie
Afterwards Benjamin and Lisa went to the restaurant, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Lisa
Then Samantha and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Samantha
Then, Michelle and Stephanie were working at the hospital. Jason decided to give a computer to Michelle
After the lunch Tyler and Amy went to the office, and Shannon gave a computer to Amy
Then, Katie and Lauren were thinking about going to the office. Bryan wanted to give a kiss to Katie
Then, Lindsey and Christine had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a computer to Lindsey
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Jonathan
Then Jeffrey and Richard went to the hospital, and Michelle gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Stephanie and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Stephanie
Then, Angela and Brandon were working at the school. Amber decided to give a basketball to Brandon
Then Michelle and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Michelle
Then Brandon and Gregory had a long argument, and after that James said to Gregory
Then, Bradley and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store. Ryan gave a snack to Bradley
Then Samuel and Joshua went to the house, and Scott gave a necklace to Samuel
Then Jonathan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office, and Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Alexander and Danielle were thinking about going to the office, and Benjamin wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Then, Alicia and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jesse gave a snack to Alicia
When soon afterwards Alexander and Adam got a ring at the school, Kevin decided to give the ring to Adam
Then, Angela and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then, Kevin and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Nicholas
Then, Stephanie and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Stephanie
Friends separated at birth Kyle and Katie found a basketball at the school. Samantha gave it to Katie
Then Dustin and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Benjamin
Then William and Adam had a lot of fun at the house, and Jose gave a ring to Adam
Then Richard and Joseph went to the office, and Kimberly gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Kyle and Alicia were thinking about going to the station. Bryan wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
Afterwards, Cody and Justin went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to Cody
Then, Nathan and Kelly went to the garden. Samantha gave a bone to Nathan
Then, Heather and Jonathan went to the store. Crystal gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Amanda and Jason went to the school. Erica gave a computer to Jason
After the lunch, Bryan and Mary went to the garden. Michelle gave a bone to Bryan
Then, Stephen and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Erica
Then in the morning, Matthew and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Travis
Then, Justin and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then Megan and Nicole went to the hospital, and Cody gave a bone to Nicole
Then Elizabeth and Christine went to the store, and Angela gave a kiss to Christine
Then, Lisa and Michael went to the school. Tiffany gave a drink to Lisa
Then, Kenneth and Jacob had a lot of fun at the hospital. Kevin gave a necklace to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Jose went to the store. Andrew gave a computer to Jose
Then, Courtney and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden. Daniel gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Rebecca and Katherine had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Rebecca
Then Kevin and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Alexander
Then, Stephanie and Anthony went to the hospital. Joseph gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Laura and Ryan went to the garden. Anthony gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards, Jamie and Christina went to the station. Mary gave a necklace to Christina
After the lunch, Christina and Sean went to the hospital. Ryan gave a bone to Christina
After the lunch Shannon and Jamie went to the house, and Lindsay gave a computer to Jamie
Then, Jamie and Ryan had a long argument and after that Bradley said to Jamie
Afterwards, Angela and John went to the station. Brittany gave a ring to Angela
Then in the morning, James and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Jessica
Afterwards Jeremy and Katie went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Ashley and Jessica were thinking about going to the restaurant. Mary wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
After the lunch, Adam and Kelly went to the school. Rachel gave a ring to Adam
Then Christopher and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Christopher
Then, Vanessa and Andrew had a lot of fun at the garden. Mark gave a kiss to Andrew
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Erin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Bryan gave a computer to Erin
Then in the morning, Amy and Alicia were working at the office. Paul decided to give a necklace to Alicia
Then Jeffrey and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house, and Crystal gave a ring to Matthew
Then Benjamin and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Alexander
Then Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Melissa
Then Joseph and Ashley were thinking about going to the house, and Amber wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Then, Vanessa and Travis had a long argument and after that Steven said to Vanessa
Then Michelle and Katie had a lot of fun at the station, and Vanessa gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Lauren and Kyle had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Lauren
Then Justin and Courtney were working at the hospital, and Kevin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Matthew and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school. Joseph gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Jason and Charles had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Charles
Afterwards Jesse and Jeffrey went to the restaurant, and Brian gave a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, Melissa and Michael went to the school. Jessica gave a drink to Michael
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicole and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Melissa
Then in the morning, Steven and Heather had a lot of fun at the office. Thomas gave a computer to Heather
Then Matthew and Travis had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Travis
Afterwards Rebecca and Travis went to the office, and Justin gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then, Angela and Matthew were thinking about going to the school. Amanda wanted to give a ring to Angela
Afterwards, Joseph and Robert went to the garden. Christina gave a snack to Robert
Then Jeremy and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that David said to Vanessa
Then, Jennifer and Charles were working at the hospital. Dustin decided to give a bone to Jennifer
Then in the morning afterwards, Christina and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Nathan
While spending time together Jeffrey and Brittany were commuting to the restaurant, Vanessa gave a computer to Brittany
Then Daniel and Ashley were thinking about going to the house, and Jeffrey wanted to give a drink to Ashley
Then Amber and Kristen were working at the office, and Shannon decided to give a ring to Amber
After the lunch Kristen and Laura went to the hospital, and Heather gave a ring to Kristen
Then Jonathan and Justin were working at the garden, and Laura decided to give a bone to Justin
Then, Sara and Allison had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Sara
Then Katherine and Sara went to the house, and Stephen gave a basketball to Sara
The local big house Crystal and Christina went to had a kiss. Erica gave it to Christina
Then Kelly and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store, and Sara gave a drink to Kelly
Then Shannon and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Shannon
Then, Travis and Melissa were thinking about going to the store. Ashley wanted to give a snack to Travis
Then, Courtney and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Courtney
After the lunch, Benjamin and Paul went to the station. Heather gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Elizabeth and Christine went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to Christine
After the lunch in the afternoon, Tyler and Lisa went to the school. Charles gave a basketball to Lisa
Afterwards, Brandon and William went to the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Brandon
Then, Joshua and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Joshua
Then Lauren and Katie had a lot of fun at the school, and Danielle gave a basketball to Lauren
After the lunch, Paul and Jeffrey went to the house. Eric gave a bone to Paul
Then in the morning, Bradley and Brandon were thinking about going to the restaurant. Charles wanted to give a ring to Brandon
Then, Stephen and Samantha had a lot of fun at the garden. Allison gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Sarah and Brittany went to the hospital. Sara gave a ring to Brittany
Afterwards, Jonathan and Kyle went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Kyle
Then John and Danielle were thinking about going to the garden, and Bryan wanted to give a bone to John
Then, Sarah and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden. Emily gave a drink to Sarah
Then Allison and John went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a computer to John
After taking a long break Jason and Kevin went to the store, Aaron gave a snack to Kevin
Then Anthony and Jose were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Cody wanted to give a bone to Anthony
Then Kristen and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Justin said to Kristen
Then, Aaron and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school. Anthony gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Amanda and Jason went to the school, and Erica gave a computer to Jason
Then in the morning, Kelly and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the school. William gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Christine and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Courtney
Afterwards Matthew and Tiffany went to the school, and Courtney gave a computer to Matthew
Then, John and Patrick had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Patrick
After the lunch Danielle and Ryan went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a bone to Danielle
Then Cody and Eric were thinking about going to the garden, and Jesse wanted to give a bone to Cody
After the lunch, Erin and Nicholas went to the office. Christina gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then Jason and Elizabeth went to the restaurant, and Ryan gave a snack to Jason
Then, Lisa and Daniel had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Daniel
After the lunch Dustin and Katie went to the garden, and Kevin gave a kiss to Dustin
Then Danielle and Brittany were working at the restaurant, and Charles decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Elizabeth and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Danielle
Then Erin and Joseph had a lot of fun at the house, and Jeremy gave a drink to Erin
Then, Travis and Amanda had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Travis
Then, Heather and Brittany had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Heather
Then in the morning, Katie and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station. Brian gave a ring to Michelle
After taking a long break Shannon and Jamie went to the house, Andrea gave a computer to Jamie
Then Travis and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alicia gave a snack to Vanessa
After the lunch Andrew and David went to the store, and Sarah gave a basketball to David
Then Patrick and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Patrick
After the lunch, Nicholas and Emily went to the school. Andrea gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Katie and Steven had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Katie
Then Lindsay and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the school, and Timothy wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Ryan and Amber had a long argument and after that Katie said to Ryan
Then Laura and Ashley were working at the restaurant, and Amy decided to give a basketball to Ashley
Then, Nicholas and David had a lot of fun at the school. Emily gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then Jeffrey and Erica had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Jennifer and Shannon went to the garden. Jose gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Kimberly and Mary had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Kimberly
After the lunch Rachel and Bryan went to the hospital, and Angela gave a kiss to Rachel
When soon afterwards Jessica and Robert got a snack at the office, Lisa decided to give it to Robert
After the lunch Alicia and Amanda went to the school, and Vanessa gave a snack to Amanda
Afterwards Danielle and Lindsay went to the station, and John gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Samantha and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Emily wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then Amber and Travis went to the station, and Heather gave a kiss to Travis
Then Kenneth and Scott had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Scott
Then, Brittany and Paul went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to Brittany
Then, Michael and James had a long argument and after that Travis said to Michael
Then Kevin and Ryan were thinking about going to the garden, and Brittany wanted to give a basketball to Ryan
Then, Christina and Daniel had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Christina
Then, David and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a ring to Megan
Then Brandon and Angela had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Angela
After the lunch Heather and Christine went to the store, and Kristen gave a ring to Heather
Then Gregory and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Gregory
Then Alexander and Kevin had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Alexander
Then, Mark and Samuel went to the garden. Jessica gave a ring to Mark
Then, Richard and Megan were working at the office. Katherine decided to give a ring to Richard
Then Paul and Nicholas went to the school, and Katherine gave a computer to Paul
After the lunch, Patrick and Richard went to the house. Jose gave a necklace to Patrick
Then Alicia and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jesse gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Christopher and Travis had a long argument and after that Sara said to Christopher
Then, Gregory and Nathan had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Gregory
Then, Robert and Kristen were thinking about going to the school. Michael wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then Adam and Jacob went to the hospital, and Vanessa gave a ring to Adam
Then Brandon and Michael had a lot of fun at the school, and Vanessa gave a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Patrick and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital. Megan gave a necklace to Allison
Then, Alexander and Brian had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a drink to Alexander
Then, Sean and Courtney were working at the office. Gregory decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then Nathan and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Gregory
Then Elizabeth and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Scott gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then in the morning afterwards, Erica and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Rachel
After the lunch Nathan and William went to the hospital, and Shannon gave a kiss to William
Afterwards, Heather and Joshua went to the house. Christopher gave a basketball to Heather
Then Nicole and Jamie were working at the house, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then Kenneth and Erica had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Kenneth
Then, Lindsay and David had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Lindsay
Then, Charles and William had a lot of fun at the station. Lisa gave a computer to William
After the lunch, Jonathan and Laura went to the house. Kevin gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then Jesse and Kevin were thinking about going to the school, and Gregory wanted to give a ring to Jesse
Then Sarah and Richard had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Nathan gave a ring to Richard
Then, Jeremy and Danielle were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
While spending time together Cody and Kelly were working at the station, Jonathan gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Katherine and Timothy went to the store. Jeremy gave a basketball to Katherine
Then, Anthony and John had a long argument and after that Jessica said to John
Then Anthony and Lisa were working at the garden, and Stephen decided to give a kiss to Anthony
Then, Mary and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Mary
Then, Patrick and Jonathan were working at the hospital. Daniel decided to give a computer to Patrick
Then Alicia and Stephanie were thinking about going to the garden, and Elizabeth wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then, Samantha and John had a lot of fun at the house. Jamie gave a bone to John
Then, Kyle and Danielle were working at the station. Justin decided to give a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, Jennifer and Sean went to the store. Kevin gave a basketball to Sean
While spending time together Lindsay and Anthony were working at the store, Katherine gave a basketball to Anthony
Then Brittany and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Brittany
While spending time together Jason and David were commuting to the house, Travis gave a computer to David
The local big office James and Jeremy went to had a drink. Shannon gave it to Jeremy
Then Angela and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the house, and Dustin gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Crystal and Katie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Steven wanted to give a drink to Crystal
After taking a long break Jessica and Rebecca went to the store, Alexander gave a basketball to Rebecca
Then Jason and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Jason
Then Christina and Eric went to the house, and James gave a ring to Eric
Then, Adam and Jacob were thinking about going to the office. Scott wanted to give a necklace to Adam
While spending time together Christopher and Rebecca were commuting to the house, Andrew gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, William and Katherine had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Katherine
After the lunch, Jessica and Anthony went to the store. Bradley gave a snack to Anthony
While spending time together Michelle and Aaron were working at the house, Kevin gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Amy and Nathan were thinking about going to the school. Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Amy
After the lunch Robert and Lauren went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a basketball to Robert
Then, Katie and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Katie
Then Kyle and Steven had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Steven
Then Vanessa and Sean were working at the store, and Richard decided to give a snack to Vanessa
Then Jason and Timothy were thinking about going to the station, and Adam wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then, Bradley and Nathan had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Bradley
Then Bradley and Alexander were working at the restaurant, and Rachel decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then, Jose and Brittany were working at the garden. Andrea decided to give a kiss to Jose
Afterwards, while spending time together Kevin and Bryan went to the restaurant. Mark gave a necklace to Bryan
Afterwards Lindsay and Courtney went to the store, and James gave a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Travis and Kimberly went to the garden. Vanessa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Shannon and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Shannon
The local big house Sara and Samantha went to had a basketball. Travis gave it to Samantha
Then, Paul and Sean had a lot of fun at the office. Eric gave a snack to Sean
When soon afterwards Thomas and Paul got a basketball at the office, Jonathan decided to give the basketball to Paul
Afterwards Mary and John went to the hospital, and Kristen gave a drink to Mary
Then, William and Sarah went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a drink to Sarah
Then Scott and Cody were thinking about going to the station, and Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then Kenneth and Justin had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Kenneth
Then Amanda and Andrea had a lot of fun at the office, and Brian gave a ring to Amanda
Then Kenneth and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Kelly
Afterwards Christopher and Kevin went to the hospital, and Benjamin gave a basketball to Christopher
Then Elizabeth and Lindsay were thinking about going to the school, and Timothy wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then Anthony and Eric were working at the hospital, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
While spending time together Eric and Jose were commuting to the garden, Samuel gave a snack to Jose
The local big school Bradley and Brian went to had a snack. Michael gave it to Brian
After the lunch Mary and Vanessa went to the store, and Timothy gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Elizabeth and William had a lot of fun at the garden. Bradley gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Heather and Steven had a lot of fun at the office. Eric gave a computer to Heather
Then in the morning, Tyler and Nathan went to the station. Stephen gave a drink to Nathan
Then Angela and Anthony were working at the station, and Amy decided to give a bone to Anthony
Friends separated at birth Amber and Courtney found a snack at the station. Bradley gave it to Courtney
Then, Bryan and Jonathan were thinking about going to the garden. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
While spending time together Travis and Christopher were commuting to the store, Erin gave a bone to Christopher
Then, Andrew and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Andrew
Then, Laura and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Laura
Then Matthew and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Christina wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then Megan and Lindsey were thinking about going to the office, and Timothy wanted to give a snack to Megan
Then Danielle and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Kyle
Then, Danielle and Brittany were working at the restaurant. Charles decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Ashley and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Ashley
Then Erin and Ashley were working at the station, and Kenneth decided to give a drink to Erin
Then Robert and Jonathan were working at the station, and Brandon decided to give a basketball to Robert
Afterwards Joseph and Sara went to the office, and James gave a basketball to Sara
After the lunch John and Melissa went to the garden, and Megan gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Katherine and Samantha were working at the hospital. Justin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Samantha and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Samantha
The local big station Katherine and Samuel went to had a basketball. Ashley gave it to Samuel
Then Lauren and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Bryan
Afterwards Lauren and James went to the store, and Alicia gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Daniel and David went to the house. Jesse gave a drink to Daniel
Then Jennifer and Crystal were thinking about going to the station, and Sarah wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then, Brittany and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Dustin
Then, Kenneth and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden. Andrea gave a computer to Kenneth
Afterwards Jesse and Anthony went to the hospital, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Kristen and Kevin were thinking about going to the school, and Rachel wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
When soon afterwards Matthew and Jose got a necklace at the garden, Brian decided to give it to Jose
Then, Amanda and Travis had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Travis
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Andrea
After the lunch Lindsey and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Katherine gave a bone to Lindsey
Then Brian and Paul had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Brian
Then in the morning, Cody and Lauren were working at the garden. Tyler decided to give a snack to Lauren
Then, Nicole and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Charles said to Nicole
Then, Stephen and Melissa were working at the hospital. Jeffrey decided to give a drink to Stephen
After the lunch Kyle and Paul went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to Kyle
Then Heather and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Heather
Then, Alicia and Mary had a lot of fun at the house. Sara gave a drink to Alicia
Then Sarah and Jeremy were working at the station, and Thomas decided to give a snack to Jeremy
Then Amanda and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
After the lunch Robert and Sarah went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a bone to Robert
After the lunch, Nicole and William went to the school. David gave a bone to Nicole
Then Bryan and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Bryan
After the lunch, Melissa and Mary went to the store. Adam gave a necklace to Mary
Then Katie and Courtney went to the store, and Kelly gave a snack to Katie
Then Benjamin and Tyler were thinking about going to the office, and Courtney wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Afterwards Jennifer and Danielle went to the store, and Paul gave a ring to Jennifer
Friends separated at birth Lauren and Jennifer found a kiss at the store. Lindsey gave it to Jennifer
Then, Tyler and Nicholas went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a basketball to Tyler
Then in the morning afterwards, Kyle and Alexander had a long argument. Afterwards Charles said to Alexander
After the lunch, Nicholas and Paul went to the garden. Michael gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Jeffrey and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Joseph said to Jeffrey
Then, Joseph and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Allison said to Joseph
While spending time together Rachel and Justin were commuting to the school, Lauren gave a necklace to Justin
Then Andrea and Aaron went to the store, and Jacob gave a kiss to Andrea
Then Lisa and Alexander were thinking about going to the store, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Alexander
Then Samantha and Ashley had a lot of fun at the garden, and Tiffany gave a ring to Samantha
Then, Jennifer and Vanessa were thinking about going to the store. Danielle wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then Kelly and Samuel were thinking about going to the store, and Andrea wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Afterwards, Tyler and Lindsey went to the hospital. Joshua gave a necklace to Tyler
Then Bradley and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Bradley
Then, Matthew and Eric had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Robert gave a ring to Matthew
Then Jennifer and Charles were working at the hospital, and Dustin decided to give a bone to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jennifer and Amy went to the house. David gave a basketball to Amy
Then Bradley and Lisa were thinking about going to the school, and Amy wanted to give a computer to Bradley
Afterwards, Ashley and Jason went to the hospital. Bradley gave a necklace to Jason
Then, Cody and Steven went to the office. Richard gave a necklace to Cody
Then Aaron and Jonathan went to the store, and Samantha gave a ring to Aaron
Afterwards, while spending time together Gregory and Michael went to the station. Travis gave a drink to Michael
Then Amanda and Lauren went to the school, and Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
After the lunch Robert and Cody went to the school, and Brandon gave a bone to Robert
Then Alicia and Laura had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Alicia
Then Nicole and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Charles said to Nicole
Then, Shannon and Mark were thinking about going to the office. Sean wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Afterwards, Robert and Jessica went to the office. Jeffrey gave a snack to Robert
Then, Tiffany and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house. Ashley gave a computer to Tiffany
Afterwards, David and Angela went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a computer to Angela
Then, Michelle and Timothy had a long argument and after that Allison said to Michelle
Then, Michael and Sara were thinking about going to the station. Jason wanted to give a bone to Michael
Then, Brandon and Sean went to the office. Jamie gave a basketball to Brandon
Then Katie and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Nicole
The local big hospital Mary and Joseph went to had a necklace. Brittany gave it to Joseph
Then, Bryan and Sara had a lot of fun at the office. David gave a basketball to Sara
After the lunch, Sara and Sean went to the station. Rebecca gave a necklace to Sara
Afterwards, Benjamin and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a kiss to Lisa
Then Jennifer and Jonathan were thinking about going to the school, and William wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
Then Shannon and John had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Shannon
Then Erin and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Tiffany
Then Joseph and Erin had a lot of fun at the house, and Jeremy gave a drink to Erin
When soon afterwards Kristen and Michael got a computer at the store, Bryan decided to give it to Michael
Then Tiffany and William went to the restaurant, and Lisa gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Samantha and Christine had a long argument and after that Amy said to Samantha
The local big store Nicole and Brittany went to had a ring. Rachel gave it to Brittany
Afterwards, while spending time together Matthew and Andrea went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch Jamie and Shannon went to the office, and Jennifer gave a necklace to Shannon
Then in the morning, Eric and Timothy went to the school. David gave a computer to Timothy
The local big house Kimberly and Christine went to had a basketball. Kyle gave it to Christine
Then Daniel and Matthew went to the office, and Brian gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Alicia and Kristen went to the station, and Erin gave a drink to Kristen
Then Melissa and Samantha were thinking about going to the office, and Emily wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then, Rebecca and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Joseph said to Jeffrey
Then, Jonathan and Justin were working at the garden. Laura decided to give a bone to Justin
Then Megan and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Megan
Afterwards Lindsay and Danielle went to the station, and John gave a basketball to Danielle
Then Mary and Jacob went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Jacob
Then Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a bone to Christopher
Afterwards David and Jeffrey went to the station, and Samantha gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Daniel and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Christina and Steven went to the station. Aaron gave a computer to Christina
Then, Richard and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office. Kimberly gave a bone to Tyler
Afterwards, Samuel and Kyle went to the station. James gave a snack to Kyle
Then Lindsey and William were thinking about going to the school, and Andrea wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then Bryan and Michelle were working at the garden, and Lindsay decided to give a bone to Bryan
The local big station Daniel and John went to had a basketball. Brittany gave it to John
After the lunch, Sarah and Ashley went to the house. Megan gave a bone to Sarah
Then Danielle and Charles went to the store, and Jeremy gave a ring to Charles
Then Nicholas and Samantha were working at the house, and Benjamin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then John and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Patrick
Then Michael and Lisa went to the school, and Tiffany gave a drink to Lisa
Then Andrew and Gregory went to the house, and Sean gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Steven and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Steven
Then Daniel and Mary had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Mary
Then in the morning, Kristen and Emily were working at the school. Michael decided to give a drink to Emily
Afterwards, Jessica and Anthony went to the office. Brandon gave a bone to Anthony
Then Amanda and Paul were working at the hospital, and Cody decided to give a basketball to Paul
Then, Alexander and Danielle were thinking about going to the office. Benjamin wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Then William and James had a lot of fun at the school, and Kimberly gave a ring to William
Then, Nathan and Mary had a lot of fun at the school. William gave a basketball to Mary
Then Tyler and Jennifer were thinking about going to the office, and Travis wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Afterwards Matthew and Lindsey went to the store, and Patrick gave a drink to Matthew
Then, Amanda and Stephanie went to the school. Erin gave a drink to Amanda
Then in the morning, Crystal and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Erin
Then, Andrea and Christina went to the school. Michael gave a snack to Christina
Then Jeremy and Benjamin went to the office, and Sara gave a drink to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Angela and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Emily
Then, Jacob and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Jacob
Then Lindsey and William had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Lindsey
Then, Benjamin and Alexander had a long argument and after that Laura said to Alexander
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie were thinking about going to the school. Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, James and Kyle had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a necklace to Kyle
Afterwards, Melissa and Mark went to the house. Tiffany gave a kiss to Mark
Then, Megan and Bryan were thinking about going to the office. Anthony wanted to give a drink to Megan
Then Samuel and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Samuel
Then Robert and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sean gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Joseph and Stephen had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Stephen
Then, Sean and Christina were working at the hospital. Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Christina
Afterwards, Cody and Kelly went to the office. Anthony gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Jason and James had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Richard and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Brittany
Afterwards Andrew and Bryan went to the house, and Kenneth gave a drink to Andrew
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicholas and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Benjamin
Afterwards Eric and Sara went to the office, and Tyler gave a drink to Sara
Then Adam and Jacob were thinking about going to the office, and Scott wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Afterwards Kevin and Katherine went to the school, and Scott gave a drink to Kevin
Then, Crystal and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Bradley
Then, Thomas and Megan had a lot of fun at the house. Michael gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Rebecca and Michelle were thinking about going to the restaurant. Adam wanted to give a drink to Michelle
After the lunch Jason and Amy went to the garden, and Shannon gave a kiss to Jason
After the lunch Melissa and John went to the garden, and Megan gave a drink to Melissa
Then in the morning afterwards, Christopher and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Joshua
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amanda and Tyler went to the hospital. Kelly gave a bone to Tyler
Afterwards, Jeremy and Katie went to the hospital. Kevin gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Jesse and Emily went to the school. Cody gave a necklace to Jesse
Then, Courtney and Gregory went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Gregory
After the lunch Stephanie and Bradley went to the house, and Anthony gave a computer to Bradley
Then, Thomas and Travis went to the office. Kyle gave a ring to Travis
Then Brandon and Courtney went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a drink to Courtney
Then Timothy and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rebecca gave a snack to Timothy
Then, Amanda and Samantha had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Amanda
Then, Laura and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office. Kyle gave a kiss to Laura
Afterwards Kimberly and Kelly went to the store, and Brandon gave a kiss to Kelly
Afterwards, Katie and Benjamin went to the hospital. Kevin gave a computer to Katie
Then Adam and William had a lot of fun at the house, and Jose gave a ring to Adam
Then Matthew and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden, and Lisa wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then, Ryan and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden. Brittany wanted to give a basketball to Ryan
Then, Richard and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Travis said to Richard
Then Patrick and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Mary said to Patrick
Then Angela and Lindsay went to the hospital, and Michelle gave a basketball to Angela
Then Jessica and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Jessica
Then, Brandon and Jose had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Jose
Afterwards Amber and Angela went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a drink to Amber
Then Matthew and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the house, and Crystal gave a ring to Matthew
Afterwards Michelle and Brandon went to the garden, and Erin gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Charles and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Dustin gave a kiss to Charles
While spending time together Jonathan and Samantha were commuting to the school, Heather gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Alexander and William had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jason gave a bone to William
Then Aaron and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Adam gave a kiss to Benjamin
Afterwards, Katherine and Christina went to the school. Christopher gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Jennifer and Jonathan were thinking about going to the school. William wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
Then Sarah and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Sarah
Afterwards, while spending time together Bradley and Anthony went to the school. Kimberly gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Jesse and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Jesse
Then in the morning, Crystal and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Andrea
Then, Jacob and Adam went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a ring to Adam
Then Erica and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Thomas gave a bone to Erica
Then in the morning afterwards, Jennifer and David had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to David
Then Stephen and Elizabeth were working at the hospital, and Sara decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Sara and Matthew went to the station. Brian gave a kiss to Sara
After the lunch Richard and Stephanie went to the restaurant, and Dustin gave a necklace to Richard
Then, David and Amber had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to David
Then Jeremy and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store, and Rebecca gave a snack to Jacob
Then Joseph and Bryan were working at the hospital, and David decided to give a snack to Joseph
Then, Thomas and Kevin had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Kevin
Afterwards, Katie and Jeremy went to the hospital. Kevin gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Erin and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Travis
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Jonathan got a snack at the hospital, Samuel decided to give the snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Kelly and Jessica had a lot of fun at the garden. Michelle gave a kiss to Jessica
Then in the morning, Samantha and John had a lot of fun at the house. Sarah gave a bone to John
Then in the morning, Jacob and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Christopher
Then in the morning, Paul and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to Christopher
Then Kimberly and Sarah had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Kimberly
Afterwards, Jamie and Nicole went to the office. Mark gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Anthony and Dustin had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Anthony
Then Aaron and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Aaron
Then Aaron and Patrick went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Patrick
Then Elizabeth and Heather had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Elizabeth
Then, Amanda and Joshua went to the house. Samantha gave a kiss to Amanda
Then Alexander and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Christopher
Then in the morning, Joshua and Angela were thinking about going to the restaurant. Rachel wanted to give a bone to Angela
Afterwards Bryan and Erica went to the office, and Travis gave a ring to Bryan
Then Allison and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jessica wanted to give a basketball to Allison
Then Kelly and Gregory were working at the store, and Shannon decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then Kimberly and Stephen were thinking about going to the station, and Crystal wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
When soon afterwards Amber and Emily got a bone at the office, Michelle decided to give it to Emily
Then, Kevin and Anthony were thinking about going to the garden. Jonathan wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then, Anthony and Stephen went to the hospital. John gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Erica and Michael were thinking about going to the garden. Sean wanted to give a basketball to Michael
After the lunch Erin and Andrea went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a drink to Erin
Afterwards, while spending time together Samuel and Christopher went to the station. Charles gave a ring to Christopher
Afterwards, Christina and Michael went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a drink to Michael
Then, Nicholas and Adam went to the office. Jeremy gave a bone to Nicholas
Afterwards William and Amber went to the garden, and Crystal gave a snack to Amber
Then Samantha and Stephen had a lot of fun at the garden, and Allison gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards Mark and Melissa went to the house, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Mark
Then, Laura and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Emily
Afterwards, Joshua and Sara went to the station. Timothy gave a basketball to Sara
When soon afterwards Bradley and Ryan got a computer at the garden, Lindsay decided to give it to Ryan
Then Erica and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Erica
Then Christine and Ryan went to the store, and Courtney gave a necklace to Christine
When soon afterwards Nicole and Jason got a basketball at the hospital, Christina decided to give the basketball to Jason
Then Sarah and James went to the hospital, and Emily gave a computer to Sarah
Then Alicia and Sarah were thinking about going to the station, and Nicholas wanted to give a necklace to Alicia
Then, Dustin and Gregory went to the store. Andrea gave a necklace to Dustin
Then, Robert and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sean gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, David and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Brittany
Then, Emily and Aaron were working at the house. Joshua decided to give a bone to Emily
Then, Brandon and Michael had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a drink to Michael
Then Bryan and Danielle were working at the house, and Tiffany decided to give a necklace to Danielle
Then Andrew and Justin were working at the hospital, and Christine decided to give a basketball to Andrew
Then Kimberly and Benjamin were thinking about going to the office, and Jacob wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Then Kevin and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Nicholas
Then Andrea and Kyle had a lot of fun at the station, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch Stephanie and Rebecca went to the station, and Patrick gave a necklace to Stephanie
Then, Lauren and Katie had a lot of fun at the school. Danielle gave a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards Jamie and Christina went to the station, and Mary gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Stephen and Alexander were working at the school. Charles decided to give a ring to Stephen
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Vanessa were working at the station. Jacob decided to give a necklace to Vanessa
Then Gregory and Allison were thinking about going to the house, and Justin wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Afterwards Thomas and Cody went to the house, and Nicholas gave a computer to Thomas
Then Richard and Jamie were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Amy wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then in the morning, Nathan and Jeremy went to the store. Brandon gave a kiss to Jeremy
While spending time together Megan and Erica were commuting to the garden, Benjamin gave a basketball to Erica
Then Richard and Sean were thinking about going to the store, and Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Richard
After the lunch Katie and Dustin went to the garden, and Kevin gave a kiss to Dustin
Then, David and Paul had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to David
Then, Jamie and Christine had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Thomas gave a necklace to Jamie
Then, Erica and Alexander had a long argument and after that Katie said to Erica
Afterwards Cody and Aaron went to the garden, and Megan gave a drink to Cody
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Lindsay
Then Alexander and Erica had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Erica
Then, Kenneth and Andrea were working at the office. Michelle decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then, Kelly and Bryan had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Bryan
Then Vanessa and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Nathan wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then, Jeremy and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Jeremy
After the lunch, Adam and Patrick went to the garden. Amy gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Kelly and Ashley had a lot of fun at the house. Kenneth gave a snack to Ashley
Afterwards, Paul and Nicole went to the house. Jonathan gave a kiss to Paul
Then in the morning, Angela and Crystal went to the school. Stephanie gave a computer to Crystal
After taking a long break Jamie and Shannon went to the office, Kyle gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Jennifer and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Melissa
Then, Megan and Joseph went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Joseph
Then Amber and David had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to David
Then Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Katherine
Then Jeffrey and William went to the school, and Christina gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then, Adam and Samantha were working at the garden. Nathan decided to give a ring to Samantha
Afterwards, while spending time together Nathan and Stephen went to the store. Lindsay gave a basketball to Stephen
After the lunch in the afternoon, John and Kyle went to the school. Bryan gave a bone to Kyle
Then Jason and Eric had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Jason
Then, Paul and Brittany went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to Brittany
Then James and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to James
Then, Erica and Courtney went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Erica
After taking a long break Stephen and Samantha went to the office, Lindsay gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Rebecca and Katie were thinking about going to the school. Jason wanted to give a ring to Rebecca
When soon afterwards Christopher and Alicia got a drink at the restaurant, Michael decided to give the drink to Alicia
Then, Melissa and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden. Daniel gave a necklace to Melissa
After the lunch, Anthony and Patrick went to the store. Crystal gave a computer to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Angela and David went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to David
When soon afterwards Christopher and Brandon got a kiss at the garden, Joshua decided to give it to Brandon
Then, Christine and Alexander had a long argument and after that Richard said to Alexander
Then, Michelle and Joshua had a long argument and after that Richard said to Joshua
Then, Joseph and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Dustin
After the lunch, Patrick and Robert went to the station. Bradley gave a basketball to Patrick
While spending time together Christine and Eric were working at the house, Steven gave a ring to Eric
Then Crystal and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Lisa gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Erin and Stephen were thinking about going to the store. Katie wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Then Ryan and Emily had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Ryan
Then, Cody and Eric were thinking about going to the garden. Jesse wanted to give a bone to Cody
After the lunch, Stephanie and Bradley went to the house. Anthony gave a computer to Bradley
Then, Dustin and Jamie had a long argument and after that Jason said to Jamie
Then Nicholas and Nathan went to the office, and David gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Amanda and Michael were working at the office. Erica decided to give a kiss to Amanda
Afterwards Lisa and Jose went to the hospital, and Alicia gave a ring to Lisa
When soon afterwards Stephanie and Jeremy got a computer at the garden, Rachel decided to give it to Jeremy
Then, Lindsay and Daniel had a long argument and after that Paul said to Daniel
After the lunch Nathan and Lindsey went to the store, and Benjamin gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then, Samuel and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Samuel
Then, Jamie and Paul had a long argument and after that Nicholas said to Jamie
Then, Jonathan and Lisa went to the school. Nicholas gave a bone to Jonathan
The local big store Jamie and Katie went to had a snack. Michael gave it to Katie
Then in the morning, Alicia and Jeffrey were working at the station. Tiffany decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Jeffrey and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
Then, Jamie and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden. Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
Then Kimberly and Tiffany were thinking about going to the office, and Bryan wanted to give a bone to Kimberly
Then Jeffrey and Bryan were working at the school, and Kevin decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Erica and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Jeffrey
Then Jeffrey and Christina went to the station, and Justin gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Then, Joseph and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden. Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
Then Sara and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Megan
Then Jacob and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Jacob
Then Allison and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Jesse
Then, Shannon and Robert had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Robert
Then David and Kelly were working at the station, and Samuel decided to give a kiss to David
Then, Katie and Angela went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a computer to Angela
Then, Courtney and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school. Joshua gave a basketball to Courtney
Then Joshua and Eric had a lot of fun at the store, and Angela gave a drink to Eric
While spending time together Emily and Kyle were working at the garden, Michelle gave a basketball to Kyle
Then, Thomas and Daniel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Lindsey
Then, Joshua and Patrick went to the restaurant. Heather gave a snack to Patrick
After the lunch Amy and Tyler went to the office, and Shannon gave a computer to Amy
Afterwards Joshua and Bryan went to the hospital, and John gave a basketball to Bryan
Then Joshua and Aaron went to the station, and Steven gave a drink to Joshua
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Michael went to the station. Erin gave a ring to Elizabeth
While spending time together Nathan and Timothy were commuting to the hospital, Jose gave a necklace to Timothy
Then Andrew and Kyle were thinking about going to the store, and Bradley wanted to give a basketball to Andrew
Afterwards, while spending time together Christopher and Elizabeth went to the station. Kelly gave a basketball to Elizabeth
Then Timothy and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Timothy
Then Lindsay and Crystal were working at the station, and Laura decided to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Andrew and Gregory went to the house. Sean gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Ashley and Joseph were thinking about going to the house, and Amber wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Then, Jose and William had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Jose
Afterwards, while spending time together Daniel and Travis went to the office. Jeremy gave a basketball to Travis
Then, Charles and Christopher were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then Angela and Steven had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Angela
After the lunch Steven and Kimberly went to the store, and Amber gave a necklace to Steven
After the lunch David and Andrew went to the store, and Sarah gave a basketball to David
Afterwards Sara and Melissa went to the school, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Bryan and Dustin had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Bryan
Then Travis and Robert went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Timothy and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Timothy
Then in the morning afterwards, Sara and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Katherine
Then, Ashley and Joseph were thinking about going to the house. Amber wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
Afterwards Ashley and Jason went to the hospital, and Bradley gave a necklace to Jason
Then, Anthony and Richard were working at the school. Tiffany decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then William and Bryan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Bradley gave a bone to William
Then Elizabeth and Nicole were thinking about going to the store, and Crystal wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
After the lunch Elizabeth and Kevin went to the station, and Steven gave a kiss to Kevin
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Ryan had a lot of fun at the station. Bryan gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, David and Kelly were working at the station. Samuel decided to give a kiss to David
The local big station James and Thomas went to had a ring. Jeremy gave it to Thomas
Then, Cody and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Christine
Then, Robert and Jeremy were thinking about going to the house. Andrew wanted to give a computer to Robert
Then Joshua and Sean were thinking about going to the station, and Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Sean
Then, Kelly and Bradley had a long argument and after that Erica said to Kelly
Then, Katie and Courtney went to the store. Kelly gave a snack to Katie
Then, Paul and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jamie gave a drink to Paul
Then, Andrew and William were thinking about going to the garden. Ashley wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then, Laura and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jacob gave a ring to Laura
Then, Samantha and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Samantha
The local big store Rebecca and Lindsay went to had a kiss. Benjamin gave it to Lindsay
Then, Jacob and Gregory were thinking about going to the store. Jose wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Then, Ryan and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to Erica
Then in the morning, Jacob and Thomas were working at the office. Tiffany decided to give a ring to Thomas
Then Travis and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Travis
Afterwards Michael and Sara went to the garden, and Anthony gave a necklace to Michael
Then Steven and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Steven
Then Allison and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Eric gave a ring to Allison
Then Bryan and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Bryan
Then Aaron and Courtney went to the office, and Jennifer gave a necklace to Courtney
Then Nathan and David went to the restaurant, and Vanessa gave a ring to Nathan
Afterwards, Erica and Brian went to the station. Sara gave a bone to Brian
When soon afterwards Mary and Ryan got a ring at the school, Allison decided to give the ring to Ryan
After the lunch Benjamin and Paul went to the station, and Heather gave a computer to Benjamin
Then Erin and Courtney went to the office, and Aaron gave a ring to Erin
Then, Tyler and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Angela went to the hospital. Amy gave a basketball to Angela
Then, Katie and Amy had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Katie
Then, Lauren and Jose had a lot of fun at the garden. Andrew gave a computer to Lauren
While spending time together Christine and Jose were working at the station, Christopher gave a computer to Jose
Then Gregory and Justin were working at the school, and William decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then Courtney and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school, and Joshua gave a basketball to Courtney
Then, Lindsey and William had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Lindsey
Then Aaron and Stephanie went to the house, and Jesse gave a bone to Stephanie
Then, Stephanie and Jason had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Jason
After the lunch, Emily and Nicholas went to the school. Andrea gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Brian and Christopher were working at the station. Megan decided to give a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch, Jeremy and Andrea went to the store. Thomas gave a bone to Jeremy
Then, Patrick and Joshua went to the restaurant. Heather gave a snack to Patrick
Then Angela and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Nicole
Then Cody and Laura went to the store, and Adam gave a drink to Laura
Afterwards, Benjamin and Cody went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Benjamin
When soon afterwards Tyler and Paul got a computer at the station, Jessica decided to give it to Paul
Afterwards, Katie and Erica went to the office. Lindsey gave a ring to Katie
After the lunch Nicholas and Emily went to the school, and Andrea gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Angela and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Jessica gave a ring to Angela
Then, Lauren and Amanda went to the school. Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Kristen and Amber were working at the store. Erica decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Mary and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school, and William gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Sarah and Jeremy were working at the station. Thomas decided to give a snack to Jeremy
Then, Patrick and John had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Patrick
Then, John and Elizabeth went to the office. Kristen gave a computer to John
Then Michael and Sarah had a lot of fun at the school, and Allison gave a drink to Michael
Then, Samuel and Angela were thinking about going to the school. Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Samuel
Then Courtney and Timothy had a lot of fun at the garden, and Sarah gave a snack to Timothy
Then Michelle and Alexander were thinking about going to the office, and Jose wanted to give a snack to Michelle
Then, Nathan and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden. Michelle gave a bone to Nathan
Then, Tiffany and Erin had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Tiffany
Then Matthew and Joseph were working at the hospital, and Nathan decided to give a computer to Matthew
After taking a long break Kelly and Brittany went to the garden, Crystal gave a basketball to Brittany
Then, David and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Michael
Then in the morning, Justin and Daniel went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a bone to Daniel
Then Samuel and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Samuel
Afterwards, Sean and Jennifer went to the store. Kevin gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Ryan and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Danielle gave a basketball to Ryan
After the lunch Lauren and Travis went to the school, and Brian gave a ring to Lauren
Then Andrea and Elizabeth were working at the garden, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Then Jesse and Nicholas were thinking about going to the house, and Richard wanted to give a ring to Jesse
Then, Shannon and Kelly were working at the store. Richard decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then, Adam and James were working at the office. Heather decided to give a bone to Adam
After taking a long break Lindsey and Thomas went to the office, Sarah gave a kiss to Thomas
When soon afterwards Kyle and Vanessa got a kiss at the house, Heather decided to give it to Vanessa
Then Kelly and Travis were working at the office, and Brandon decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then, Lindsay and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a necklace to Lindsay
Then, Benjamin and Tyler were thinking about going to the office. Courtney wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then Andrew and Megan were working at the garden, and Bryan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then, Lindsay and Erin had a long argument and after that Kevin said to Lindsay
Then Amber and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Amber
Then Jason and Michael were working at the hospital, and Nicole decided to give a ring to Michael
After the lunch, Amber and Rachel went to the garden. John gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Benjamin and Jeremy went to the office. Sara gave a drink to Benjamin
Afterwards, Amanda and Nicole went to the house. Steven gave a ring to Nicole
Then Amy and Kristen were working at the house, and Jennifer decided to give a computer to Amy
Then, Timothy and Patrick were thinking about going to the house. Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Timothy
Then Adam and Gregory were thinking about going to the house, and Erin wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then Megan and Katherine were thinking about going to the station, and Kristen wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then, Dustin and Erin had a long argument and after that Robert said to Dustin
Afterwards, Jessica and Robert went to the office. Jeffrey gave a snack to Robert
Then, Jeremy and Kevin went to the house. Heather gave a necklace to Jeremy
Then, Paul and Michelle had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Michelle
Then Amanda and Amy went to the store, and Bryan gave a basketball to Amy
Then Kyle and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Kyle
Then, Samantha and Nicholas were working at the house. Benjamin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards, while spending time together Timothy and Alexander went to the store. Aaron gave a necklace to Alexander
Then, Michael and Emily had a lot of fun at the hospital. Anthony gave a bone to Emily
After the lunch, Mary and Kyle went to the station. Lindsey gave a basketball to Mary
Then Erin and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Tiffany wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then Jason and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then Gregory and Jacob were thinking about going to the store, and Jose wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Afterwards Nicole and Jamie went to the office, and Mark gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, Nathan and Rebecca went to the house. Sean gave a computer to Nathan
Then James and Michael had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Michael
Then Cody and Emily went to the school, and Joseph gave a ring to Cody
Then, Lindsey and Vanessa went to the garden. Ashley gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Paul and Jamie were thinking about going to the school, and Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards Lisa and Jeremy went to the station, and Robert gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Jonathan
Then Lindsay and Robert went to the store, and Sara gave a computer to Lindsay
After the lunch, Kelly and Stephen went to the store. Andrew gave a necklace to Kelly
Then Christina and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Brittany
The local big restaurant Crystal and Sarah went to had a kiss. Amanda gave it to Sarah
Afterwards, Andrew and Bryan went to the house. Kenneth gave a drink to Andrew
Friends separated at birth Richard and Jeffrey found a computer at the hospital. Timothy gave it to Jeffrey
Friends separated at birth Amanda and Heather found a kiss at the house. Erica gave it to Heather
Afterwards, John and Angela went to the station. Brittany gave a ring to Angela
Then Jessica and Erica had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Erica
Then, Jessica and Jose were working at the garden. Nicholas decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Andrea and Kenneth were working at the office. Michelle decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Christine and Crystal were thinking about going to the school, and Aaron wanted to give a kiss to Christine
Then Courtney and Patrick were working at the hospital, and Scott decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then in the morning, Justin and Danielle had a lot of fun at the hospital. Megan gave a kiss to Danielle
Then Laura and Amanda were working at the house, and Travis decided to give a necklace to Amanda
After the lunch in the afternoon, Thomas and Crystal went to the garden. Joseph gave a kiss to Crystal
After the lunch Rachel and Amber went to the garden, and John gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Kimberly and Nathan had a lot of fun at the office, and Gregory gave a bone to Nathan
Then Jeffrey and Erin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a computer to Jeffrey
While spending time together David and Eric were commuting to the office, Richard gave a basketball to Eric
Then in the morning, Sara and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Crystal
Then Alicia and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Alicia
Then, Ryan and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrew gave a basketball to Ryan
Then, Stephanie and Amanda went to the school. Erin gave a drink to Amanda
Then David and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Brittany
Then Laura and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Sarah
Afterwards Anthony and Sean went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Jonathan and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Jonathan
The local big school Gregory and Laura went to had a basketball. Sara gave it to Laura
Then Emily and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Emily
Then, Matthew and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Jesse
Then in the morning, Allison and Jesse were thinking about going to the house. Angela wanted to give a drink to Jesse
Then, Jennifer and Richard were working at the school. Scott decided to give a snack to Jennifer
After taking a long break William and Lindsay went to the station, Kevin gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Vanessa and Stephen went to the school. Cody gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then Dustin and Daniel had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Dustin
Then, Kyle and Allison were working at the house. Michelle decided to give a ring to Kyle
After the lunch, Joseph and Nathan went to the store. Amanda gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Sarah and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Robert said to Sarah
Then, Thomas and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Thomas
Afterwards, Kevin and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a drink to Lindsey
Then, Courtney and Alexander had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Courtney
Then Ashley and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Ashley
Then Nicole and Sean had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Nicole
Then Jeffrey and Shannon had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jose gave a drink to Jeffrey
While spending time together Justin and Travis were working at the office, Joshua gave a drink to Travis
Then in the morning, Timothy and Tyler were working at the station. Mary decided to give a basketball to Tyler
Then, Jennifer and Christopher went to the hospital. Crystal gave a bone to Christopher
Then Amanda and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school, and Lauren gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital. Lisa gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Erica and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Matthew and Lindsey went to the store. Patrick gave a drink to Matthew
Then, Amy and Katie had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Katie
Afterwards, Kyle and Samuel went to the station. James gave a snack to Kyle
Then Sara and Michelle were working at the restaurant, and Ashley decided to give a drink to Sara
Then Kristen and Katherine were working at the garden, and David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Paul and Christine were working at the store, and Jason decided to give a ring to Paul
Afterwards, Lauren and James went to the store. Alicia gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Lindsay and Scott had a long argument and after that Steven said to Scott
After the lunch, Bradley and Stephanie went to the house. Anthony gave a computer to Bradley
Then, Brandon and James had a long argument and after that Emily said to Brandon
After the lunch Jeffrey and Shannon went to the office, and William gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Laura and Amanda were working at the store. Erica decided to give a kiss to Laura
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephen and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Samantha
Then, Emily and Richard were working at the hospital. Kimberly decided to give a snack to Emily
Then Tiffany and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house, and Ashley gave a computer to Tiffany
Afterwards Sean and Angela went to the office, and Robert gave a ring to Sean
Then John and Brian had a lot of fun at the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Brian
After the lunch Shannon and Patrick went to the school, and Christina gave a necklace to Shannon
After the lunch Lindsay and Justin went to the house, and Ashley gave a bone to Lindsay
After the lunch, Steven and Gregory went to the station. Alexander gave a bone to Steven
After taking a long break Sean and Andrew went to the restaurant, Richard gave a necklace to Andrew
After the lunch Jason and Eric went to the garden, and William gave a kiss to Jason
Friends separated at birth Kristen and Gregory found a drink at the hospital. Eric gave it to Gregory
Then, Jessica and Kimberly were working at the garden. James decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then Vanessa and Katherine were working at the office, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Katherine
Afterwards, Charles and David went to the station. Richard gave a necklace to Charles
Then Angela and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Rachel
Then, Megan and Christine were thinking about going to the station. Erica wanted to give a computer to Christine
After the lunch, Vanessa and Melissa went to the station. Anthony gave a drink to Vanessa
Then, Melissa and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Melissa
While spending time together Kenneth and Joshua were working at the station, Jonathan gave a snack to Joshua
Then, Amanda and Andrea had a lot of fun at the office. Brian gave a ring to Amanda
Then Alexander and Brian had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jeffrey gave a drink to Alexander
Then Scott and Angela were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Melissa wanted to give a bone to Scott
Friends separated at birth Nicole and Timothy found a snack at the store. Allison gave it to Timothy
Then, Lisa and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Lisa
When soon afterwards Kelly and Stephen got a drink at the restaurant, Lindsay decided to give the drink to Stephen
Then Alicia and Daniel went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Alicia
Then, Melissa and Jeremy were thinking about going to the store. Travis wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Alicia and Mark went to the hospital. Joshua gave a kiss to Mark
After the lunch Melissa and Mary went to the store, and Adam gave a necklace to Mary
While spending time together Ryan and Erin were commuting to the hospital, Jeremy gave a computer to Erin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Mary and Angela went to the house. Brandon gave a ring to Angela
Afterwards, Jose and Lisa went to the hospital. Alicia gave a ring to Lisa
Then Samantha and Kenneth were working at the restaurant, and Lindsey decided to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Jonathan and Justin had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then Kevin and Stephen were thinking about going to the school, and Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
Then Jonathan and Aaron went to the store, and Samantha gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Crystal and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Tiffany
Then Joseph and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Joseph
Afterwards, Crystal and Allison went to the store. Sara gave a kiss to Allison
Afterwards, Eric and Sara went to the office. Tyler gave a drink to Sara
Then, Katherine and Timothy were working at the hospital. Kelly decided to give a bone to Katherine
Then Mary and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Mary
After the lunch, Kimberly and Jeffrey went to the school. Lisa gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then, Mary and Sean had a lot of fun at the station. Jesse gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Lisa and Daniel went to the office. Aaron gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amber and Christopher went to the hospital. Jesse gave a ring to Christopher
Then, Samuel and Mary were working at the school. Kevin decided to give a computer to Samuel
Then Laura and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a kiss to Laura
Afterwards, Jennifer and Benjamin went to the school. Adam gave a bone to Jennifer
After the lunch, Stephanie and Katherine went to the house. Erin gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Jeffrey and Adam went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Sean and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Lindsay
Then Rachel and Jose were thinking about going to the station, and Amanda wanted to give a necklace to Jose
Then, Amanda and Laura were working at the house. Travis decided to give a necklace to Amanda
While spending time together Lauren and Kenneth were commuting to the hospital, Stephanie gave a necklace to Kenneth
After the lunch, Robert and Cody went to the school. Brandon gave a bone to Robert
Afterwards, Joshua and Michael went to the station. Justin gave a drink to Joshua
Then Nathan and Lindsay were thinking about going to the office, and Andrea wanted to give a basketball to Nathan
After the lunch, Christina and James went to the garden. David gave a drink to Christina
Afterwards, Thomas and Cody went to the house. Nicholas gave a computer to Thomas
Then Lindsey and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Melissa
Then, Bryan and Danielle were working at the house. Tiffany decided to give a necklace to Danielle
Afterwards, Tiffany and Samuel went to the store. Jessica gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Jeffrey and Alexander had a lot of fun at the school, and Crystal gave a bone to Jeffrey
After the lunch Nicole and Kenneth went to the station, and Steven gave a kiss to Nicole
After the lunch Sean and Christina went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a bone to Christina
Then Jason and James had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Jason
Then Jennifer and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jeremy
After the lunch Shannon and Jamie went to the office, and Jennifer gave a necklace to Shannon
The local big restaurant Kelly and Erica went to had a kiss. Tiffany gave it to Erica
Then, Allison and Sara had a lot of fun at the hospital. Erica gave a drink to Allison
After the lunch, Andrea and Jeremy went to the store. Thomas gave a bone to Jeremy
Then Samuel and Richard had a lot of fun at the school, and Daniel gave a kiss to Samuel
After the lunch Jessica and Anthony went to the store, and Bradley gave a snack to Anthony
Then Kyle and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Kyle
Then, Cody and Nathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Lauren gave a bone to Cody
After the lunch Patrick and Anthony went to the store, and Crystal gave a computer to Anthony
Then, David and Emily had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to David
Then Sara and Bryan had a lot of fun at the office, and David gave a basketball to Sara
Then Jose and Heather had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Jose
Then Paul and Adam went to the station, and Sara gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch, Kristen and Amber went to the garden. Aaron gave a necklace to Amber
After the lunch, Crystal and Allison went to the station. Stephanie gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Alicia and Jason were thinking about going to the school. Matthew wanted to give a snack to Jason
Afterwards, Robert and Sara went to the store. Patrick gave a drink to Sara
Then, Aaron and Sean were working at the hospital. Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Aaron
Then, Robert and Adam were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a ring to Robert
Then, David and Michelle were working at the restaurant. Joshua decided to give a kiss to David
Then, Kelly and Samuel were thinking about going to the store. Andrea wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Then Michael and Emily had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Anthony gave a bone to Emily
Then, Kelly and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Kelly
Then, Nathan and Andrea had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Nathan
After the lunch Alicia and Bradley went to the office, and Vanessa gave a computer to Alicia
Then, Richard and Sarah had a lot of fun at the hospital. Nathan gave a ring to Richard
Then, Kristen and Alicia went to the station. Erin gave a drink to Kristen
Then Brittany and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Mary
Then, Stephen and Samantha were thinking about going to the hospital. Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Lindsey and Jacob had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Jacob
Then, Anthony and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Jessica
Then, Kimberly and Jessica were working at the garden. James decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Nathan and Gregory had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Gregory
Then Mark and Charles were working at the office, and Gregory decided to give a ring to Charles
Then Jesse and Eric had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jacob gave a bone to Jesse
Then, Jose and Charles had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Jose
Then Crystal and Ashley went to the station, and Kyle gave a kiss to Crystal
Then, Jamie and Allison were working at the office. Steven decided to give a bone to Jamie
Then Lisa and Daniel went to the office, and Aaron gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Erin and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Katherine
Then, Michelle and Laura were working at the hospital. Stephanie decided to give a drink to Laura
Afterwards, Lauren and Charles went to the office. Allison gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Nathan and Megan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Nathan
Afterwards, Jesse and Anthony went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a necklace to Jesse
Then, Paul and Jose were thinking about going to the garden. Amber wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then, Mary and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school. William gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch, Shannon and Amanda went to the store. Jacob gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch, Jason and Nicole went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a ring to Jason
Then John and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house, and Sarah gave a computer to John
Then Lauren and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Thomas
While spending time together Lindsay and Erin were working at the garden, David gave a drink to Erin
Then, Samantha and Kimberly went to the station. Jesse gave a computer to Samantha
When soon afterwards Lauren and Kimberly got a basketball at the house, Alexander decided to give the basketball to Kimberly
Then, Ashley and Christina were working at the school. Benjamin decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Rachel and Kristen went to the house, and Bradley gave a bone to Rachel
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Emily were thinking about going to the hospital. Brittany wanted to give a kiss to Emily
Then, Shannon and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jose gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then, Jacob and Dustin had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Dustin
After the lunch, Rachel and Amber went to the garden. John gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Lindsey and Angela had a lot of fun at the house. Dustin gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Michelle and David were working at the restaurant, and Joshua decided to give a kiss to David
Then Eric and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Eric
Then in the morning, Angela and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Brian wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then Bradley and Sean went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Justin and Alicia were thinking about going to the hospital. Erin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then, Lindsay and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house. Scott gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Benjamin and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Erin said to Alexander
Then, Erin and Alicia went to the office. Andrea gave a computer to Erin
Afterwards, Robert and Joseph went to the garden. Christina gave a snack to Robert
Then, Vanessa and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Nathan
Then Jennifer and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office, and Shannon gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Lindsay and James had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to James
Then Samuel and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
After the lunch Christina and Heather went to the hospital, and Christine gave a necklace to Christina
Then Cody and Michelle were working at the house, and Steven decided to give a bone to Cody
Then Elizabeth and William had a lot of fun at the garden, and Bradley gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Travis and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Travis
Then, Steven and Melissa went to the hospital. Samantha gave a computer to Steven
Friends separated at birth Erin and Lisa found a kiss at the office. Lindsay gave it to Lisa
Then Justin and Paul were thinking about going to the store, and Stephanie wanted to give a ring to Justin
Then Laura and Amanda were working at the store, and Erica decided to give a kiss to Laura
Then Justin and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Justin
Then, Bradley and Jennifer were working at the hospital. Andrew decided to give a basketball to Bradley
Afterwards Michael and Tyler went to the hospital, and Danielle gave a ring to Michael
Then, Samuel and Gregory had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Gregory
Then, Lindsay and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Lindsey
Then, Nicole and Alicia were thinking about going to the station. Kenneth wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then James and Robert had a lot of fun at the store, and Sarah gave a necklace to James
Then, Brandon and Samuel were working at the station. Robert decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then, Gregory and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden. Kevin wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Tyler had a lot of fun at the station. Stephen gave a snack to Tyler
Afterwards, Lindsey and Lauren went to the office. Kenneth gave a computer to Lindsey
Then Travis and Melissa were thinking about going to the store, and Ashley wanted to give a snack to Travis
Then Erica and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kevin
Then, Nicholas and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Nicholas
Afterwards, Scott and Thomas went to the office. Mary gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Shannon and Richard went to the office. Bradley gave a bone to Shannon
Then in the morning afterwards, Christopher and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Timothy
Then, Jeffrey and Bryan were working at the school. Kevin decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Alexander and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school. Crystal gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Richard and Stephen were thinking about going to the school. Sarah wanted to give a snack to Stephen
Then Benjamin and Jeremy went to the office, and Sara gave a drink to Benjamin
Afterwards, Christine and Jessica went to the house. Kristen gave a basketball to Christine
After the lunch in the afternoon, Gregory and Scott went to the office. Steven gave a basketball to Scott
Afterwards, Jason and Ashley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a necklace to Jason
Then Timothy and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Timothy
Afterwards, Nicole and Amanda went to the house. Steven gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, Stephanie and Allison went to the hospital. Mary gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Heather and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Heather
Then, Tiffany and Samuel had a lot of fun at the hospital. Lindsey gave a ring to Tiffany
Then, Ashley and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Heather
Then, Danielle and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Nathan
Then John and Elizabeth went to the office, and Kristen gave a computer to John
Then, Angela and Stephen were thinking about going to the office. Christina wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then Samuel and Brandon were working at the station, and Robert decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then, Kimberly and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden. Kyle gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then Bryan and Joseph were working at the hospital, and David decided to give a snack to Joseph
Then Travis and Kimberly went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then Kimberly and Kristen had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Kimberly
Then Amber and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Amber
Then, Kelly and Gregory were working at the store. Shannon decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then, Dustin and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Dustin
Then Patrick and Lisa were thinking about going to the house, and Lindsey wanted to give a ring to Patrick
Then, Richard and Robert had a lot of fun at the office. Tyler gave a kiss to Richard
After the lunch, Melissa and John went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to Melissa
Afterwards Shannon and Jennifer went to the garden, and Jose gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Vanessa and Katie had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to Katie
Then Brandon and Kelly had a lot of fun at the store, and Sara gave a drink to Kelly
Then Jonathan and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Kimberly said to Jonathan
Then Courtney and Amber went to the station, and Charles gave a snack to Courtney
After the lunch Lauren and Shannon went to the house, and Eric gave a ring to Shannon
Then, David and Nathan went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a ring to Nathan
Afterwards, while spending time together Amber and Jacob went to the station. Shannon gave a drink to Jacob
Then in the morning, Thomas and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Kevin
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha were working at the house. Rachel decided to give a necklace to Elizabeth
Then, Samuel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jessica gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Ashley and Jessica were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Mary wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then, Travis and Robert went to the hospital. James gave a ring to Travis
Then Andrew and Samantha had a lot of fun at the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Andrew
Then in the morning, Brittany and Cody were thinking about going to the office. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then, Heather and Daniel were thinking about going to the office. Melissa wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then, Mary and Jacob went to the restaurant. Heather gave a snack to Mary
After the lunch, Mary and Vanessa went to the store. Timothy gave a basketball to Vanessa
Afterwards, Shannon and Travis went to the house. Joshua gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Jennifer and Megan had a long argument and after that Steven said to Megan
Then Mark and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Mary said to Mark
Then in the morning, Samuel and Andrea went to the office. Michael gave a ring to Andrea
After the lunch Shannon and Jeffrey went to the office, and William gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Christina and Elizabeth were working at the restaurant. Erica decided to give a snack to Christina
Then, Courtney and Christina had a lot of fun at the office. Patrick gave a necklace to Courtney
Then Elizabeth and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Charles
Then Amanda and Lauren went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a snack to Lauren
Friends separated at birth Christopher and Steven found a kiss at the station. Eric gave it to Steven
Then in the morning, Steven and Anthony were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then, David and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Nicholas gave a drink to David
Then Christine and Megan were thinking about going to the station, and Erica wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then Lauren and Eric went to the store, and Shannon gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Gregory and Dustin went to the store. Andrea gave a necklace to Dustin
Then, Jason and Michael were working at the hospital. Nicole decided to give a ring to Michael
Then Christopher and Brian were working at the station, and Megan decided to give a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch Kristen and Amber went to the garden, and Aaron gave a necklace to Amber
While spending time together Mary and Robert were working at the house, James gave a computer to Robert
Afterwards, William and James went to the hospital. Jesse gave a kiss to William
Then Aaron and Kelly were working at the school, and Christina decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Then, Steven and Danielle were working at the store. Bryan decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Steven and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Steven
When soon afterwards Christopher and Samantha got a kiss at the school, Samuel decided to give the kiss to Samantha
Afterwards Mary and Katherine went to the school, and Adam gave a ring to Katherine
Then, Samuel and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Allison said to Joseph
Then Allison and Ashley went to the school, and Christina gave a bone to Allison
Afterwards, Kevin and Christopher went to the hospital. Benjamin gave a basketball to Christopher
Then Matthew and Jonathan were working at the restaurant, and Jacob decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Afterwards, Allison and Crystal went to the store. Sara gave a kiss to Allison
Then Allison and Gregory were thinking about going to the house, and Justin wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Then Megan and Joseph went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Joseph
Then, Jennifer and Crystal were thinking about going to the station. Sarah wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Afterwards Angela and Thomas went to the station, and Benjamin gave a snack to Angela
Then, Jonathan and Matthew were working at the restaurant. Jacob decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Then Alexander and Christine had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Alexander
Afterwards Rebecca and Paul went to the store, and Danielle gave a drink to Rebecca
When soon afterwards Brandon and Melissa got a kiss at the store, Michael decided to give the kiss to Melissa
Then, Robert and Kelly were working at the restaurant. Amanda decided to give a kiss to Robert
After the lunch, Kyle and Thomas went to the store. Adam gave a drink to Kyle
Then, Kristen and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school. Katherine gave a necklace to Kristen
Then, Robert and Joseph were working at the hospital. Lindsey decided to give a necklace to Robert
Then, Megan and Travis were working at the school. Christina decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, William and Daniel had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Daniel
Afterwards, while spending time together Charles and Patrick went to the house. Jessica gave a necklace to Patrick
The local big school Danielle and Ashley went to had a bone. Erin gave it to Ashley
Then, Brian and Jeremy were working at the house. Jennifer decided to give a snack to Brian
Then Michelle and Laura had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Michelle
Then, Amanda and Ryan went to the house. Jesse gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Joshua and Dustin were thinking about going to the station. Brittany wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Courtney and Kristen had a lot of fun at the school. Katherine gave a necklace to Kristen
Then Travis and Nicole were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Sean wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Afterwards David and Sara went to the hospital, and Kelly gave a drink to Sara
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsay and Lisa had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Lisa
Then, Crystal and Jennifer went to the hospital. Lisa gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Michelle and Bradley were working at the hospital. Bryan decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Daniel and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Daniel
Then Sean and Amber were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then Sara and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Amy gave a bone to Sara
Then, Thomas and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school. Kimberly gave a snack to Thomas
Then in the morning, Dustin and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Matthew
Afterwards, Anthony and Sean went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Anthony
After the lunch David and Katherine went to the school, and Angela gave a snack to David
Then, Christine and William had a long argument and after that Brian said to Christine
Then Melissa and Travis were thinking about going to the store, and Ashley wanted to give a snack to Travis
Afterwards, while spending time together Kristen and Alexander went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a drink to Alexander
Then Stephanie and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Stephanie
Then, Ryan and Michelle went to the office. Lindsey gave a drink to Ryan
Then, Crystal and Ashley went to the station. Kyle gave a kiss to Crystal
Afterwards, Crystal and Lindsay went to the garden. Brian gave a ring to Lindsay
Then Dustin and Gregory went to the store, and Andrea gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Jonathan and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Jonathan
Then, Amanda and Heather were thinking about going to the house. Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Heather
Afterwards Tiffany and Thomas went to the store, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Alicia and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Alicia
Afterwards, Cody and Benjamin went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then Andrea and Amanda had a lot of fun at the office, and Brian gave a ring to Amanda
Then in the morning, James and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Brandon
Then, Nathan and Lindsay were thinking about going to the office. Andrea wanted to give a basketball to Nathan
Friends separated at birth Adam and Brian found a snack at the store. Ashley gave it to Brian
Then Tiffany and Erin went to the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Erica and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Erica
After the lunch, Brian and Vanessa went to the garden. Amanda gave a ring to Brian
After the lunch Christine and Matthew went to the store, and Erica gave a computer to Christine
Then, Michael and Shannon went to the store. Timothy gave a basketball to Shannon
After the lunch, Jeremy and Richard went to the hospital. Kelly gave a ring to Richard
Then, Jamie and Rebecca went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Courtney and Amber went to the station. Charles gave a snack to Courtney
Then Nicole and Brian had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Brian
Then in the morning, Sarah and Lindsay were working at the hospital. Melissa decided to give a computer to Lindsay
Then Amber and Thomas went to the station, and Sarah gave a snack to Thomas
Afterwards, while spending time together Angela and Kyle went to the hospital. Amber gave a bone to Kyle
After the lunch Tiffany and Megan went to the school, and Brittany gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Stephanie and Samuel had a long argument and after that Christine said to Stephanie
Then Jacob and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the store, and Rebecca gave a snack to Jacob
Then, Jeffrey and Dustin were thinking about going to the office. Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then Jeremy and Danielle were thinking about going to the office, and Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then Jeremy and Sarah were working at the station, and Thomas decided to give a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch, Lauren and Aaron went to the restaurant. Kelly gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Crystal and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office, and Patrick wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
Then Samuel and Andrew had a lot of fun at the store, and Kimberly gave a bone to Samuel
Then, Shannon and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the house. Scott gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then Jason and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Jason
Then Stephen and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Courtney said to Stephen
When soon afterwards Brittany and Mary got a snack at the station, Bradley decided to give the snack to Mary
Then, William and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the garden. Bradley gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then James and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Jeffrey
Then, Stephanie and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store. Sean gave a necklace to Stephanie
Then Stephen and Katherine were working at the store, and Bradley decided to give a drink to Stephen
Afterwards, Lisa and Jose went to the hospital. Alicia gave a ring to Lisa
Then Thomas and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the office, and Shannon gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Alicia and Laura had a long argument and after that Sean said to Alicia
Then, Danielle and Amber were working at the restaurant. Tiffany decided to give a bone to Amber
Afterwards Bradley and Alicia went to the store, and John gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Benjamin and Lisa went to the station. Laura gave a drink to Benjamin
Then David and Dustin were thinking about going to the station, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to David
Then, Lauren and Lisa had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Lisa
Then, Christine and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Christine
After the lunch Bryan and Patrick went to the store, and Lindsay gave a snack to Patrick
Afterwards Emily and Timothy went to the store, and David gave a drink to Emily
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Jose were working at the restaurant. Crystal decided to give a snack to Jose
After the lunch, Benjamin and Tiffany went to the store. Thomas gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, Kelly and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store. Sara gave a drink to Kelly
While spending time together Amy and Allison were commuting to the hospital, Steven gave a bone to Allison
Then, Paul and Brian had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Brian
Then, Sean and Travis were thinking about going to the station. Jonathan wanted to give a bone to Travis
When soon afterwards Gregory and Cody got a kiss at the hospital, Lauren decided to give the kiss to Cody
Then, Elizabeth and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Elizabeth
Then, Travis and Courtney had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Courtney
Then, Kyle and Bryan had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Kyle
Then, Ryan and Tyler had a long argument and after that Christine said to Tyler
Then Allison and Brandon went to the store, and Jesse gave a kiss to Allison
After the lunch, Jeremy and Daniel went to the house. Katherine gave a kiss to Daniel
Friends separated at birth Katie and Eric found a basketball at the house. Charles gave it to Eric
Then, Jose and Paul were thinking about going to the garden. Amber wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then, Adam and Danielle had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Danielle
Afterwards, Lindsay and Courtney went to the store. James gave a kiss to Lindsay
Then Courtney and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Courtney
Then Gregory and Dustin went to the store, and Andrea gave a necklace to Dustin
After the lunch Danielle and Melissa went to the school, and Matthew gave a bone to Danielle
Then Aaron and Vanessa were working at the restaurant, and Kyle decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Afterwards, while spending time together John and Angela went to the station. Amy gave a ring to Angela
Then Brian and Jeremy were working at the house, and Jennifer decided to give a snack to Brian
Then, Patrick and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Patrick
After the lunch, Joseph and Jennifer went to the office. Charles gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then Stephanie and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Jason
Afterwards, Bryan and Joshua went to the hospital. John gave a basketball to Bryan
Afterwards Jeffrey and Paul went to the restaurant, and Kenneth gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Kyle and Steven had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Steven
Then, Benjamin and Christine had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Benjamin
After the lunch, Mary and Mark went to the school. Melissa gave a drink to Mary
Then, James and Christopher were working at the garden. Kimberly decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Afterwards Lindsey and Nicholas went to the garden, and Justin gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then Megan and Richard were thinking about going to the hospital, and Christopher wanted to give a necklace to Megan
Then, Travis and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to Travis
After the lunch, Daniel and Jeremy went to the house. Katherine gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch Lisa and Brian went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a computer to Lisa
Then, Michael and Jesse had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Michael
Then, Jose and Courtney had a lot of fun at the store. Nicole gave a necklace to Courtney
After the lunch Michelle and Joshua went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a drink to Michelle
Then Eric and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Patrick said to Eric
When soon afterwards William and Amber got a snack at the garden, Christopher decided to give it to Amber
Then, Ryan and Daniel were working at the station. Lindsay decided to give a basketball to Ryan
Then Shannon and Kelly were working at the store, and Richard decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then, Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital. Andrew gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Lindsay and Erin had a long argument, and after that Kevin said to Lindsay
After the lunch Thomas and Jacob went to the house, and Eric gave a drink to Thomas
After the lunch, Rachel and Samuel went to the station. David gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Daniel and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Benjamin said to Daniel
Then, Mary and Jamie had a long argument and after that Courtney said to Mary
Then, Ashley and Erin were working at the station. Kenneth decided to give a drink to Erin
Then Jeremy and Melissa were thinking about going to the store, and Travis wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then Erica and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Erica
Then, Jessica and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
Then, Christina and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Christina
Then Samuel and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Gregory
While spending time together Christina and Amanda were commuting to the hospital, Bradley gave a basketball to Amanda
Then Lindsay and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Travis and Richard had a lot of fun at the store. Amber gave a ring to Richard
Afterwards, Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a snack to Amber
Then Sarah and William went to the garden, and Elizabeth gave a drink to Sarah
Afterwards Melissa and Katherine went to the garden, and Gregory gave a basketball to Melissa
Then, Allison and Brandon went to the store. Jesse gave a kiss to Allison
Then Melissa and Michelle had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Joseph gave a necklace to Melissa
Then Timothy and Jacob were thinking about going to the school, and Paul wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
Then David and Samantha were working at the school, and Jacob decided to give a ring to David
Then Katherine and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Katherine
Then, Lindsey and Adam had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Lindsey
The local big restaurant Samantha and Adam went to had a ring. Jason gave it to Adam
After the lunch, David and Stephen went to the school. Jason gave a computer to David
Then, Michael and Sarah had a lot of fun at the school. Allison gave a drink to Michael
Then, Bradley and Kelly had a long argument and after that Erica said to Kelly
Then, Danielle and Angela had a lot of fun at the school. Jesse gave a basketball to Danielle
After the lunch Allison and Crystal went to the station, and Stephanie gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Sean and Paul had a lot of fun at the office. Eric gave a snack to Sean
Then, Melissa and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Melissa
Afterwards Anthony and Jessica went to the office, and Brandon gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Brian and Patrick had a lot of fun at the station. Adam gave a basketball to Brian
Then Paul and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Paul
After the lunch, Nathan and Michelle went to the school. Angela gave a bone to Nathan
Then, Michael and Megan were working at the school. Jesse decided to give a ring to Michael
Afterwards Brandon and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Samantha gave a bone to Brandon
When soon afterwards Rachel and Courtney got a snack at the office, Christina decided to give it to Courtney
Friends separated at birth Kyle and Joseph found a basketball at the house. Michelle gave it to Joseph
While spending time together Sarah and Richard were working at the store, Gregory gave a drink to Richard
Then, Andrew and Erica had a long argument and after that Emily said to Erica
Afterwards, Rebecca and Travis went to the office. Justin gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Matthew and Brittany went to the station. Heather gave a drink to Brittany
Afterwards Nicholas and Lindsey went to the garden, and Justin gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then Erica and Courtney went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Erica
Then in the morning, Jason and Katie were thinking about going to the garden. Benjamin wanted to give a computer to Katie
After the lunch Adam and Kelly went to the school, and Rachel gave a ring to Adam
Then Samuel and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Allison said to Joseph
Friends separated at birth Courtney and Stephanie found a computer at the garden. Dustin gave it to Stephanie
Then Katie and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to Katie
The local big hospital Amanda and Amber went to had a computer. Kimberly gave it to Amber
Then, Emily and Jesse went to the school. Cody gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Erin and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Jamie
Friends separated at birth David and Sara found a drink at the hospital. William gave it to Sara
Then Rachel and Nicole were working at the garden, and John decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then, James and Jessica had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Jessica
Then Rachel and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Kyle
Then Brian and Christopher were working at the station, and Megan decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then, Lisa and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a drink to Lisa
Then Thomas and Nicole were working at the restaurant, and Lauren decided to give a computer to Nicole
Afterwards, Jeremy and Amber went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a snack to Amber
Then Amy and Michael went to the store, and Mary gave a computer to Amy
Afterwards Emily and Jessica went to the station, and Kenneth gave a drink to Emily
Then Stephen and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Erica
Afterwards Jamie and Eric went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch Christopher and Erin went to the school, and Angela gave a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch, Robert and Lauren went to the hospital. Nathan gave a basketball to Robert
Then Michael and Lindsay went to the store, and David gave a computer to Michael
Then, Bryan and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
Then Paul and Brittany went to the store, and Rachel gave a snack to Brittany
Then Jeffrey and Nicole were thinking about going to the office, and Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Nicole
Then Bradley and Charles had a lot of fun at the station, and Michelle gave a bone to Charles
Then in the morning afterwards, Lauren and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Andrew
Then Joseph and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Dustin
Then, Laura and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a kiss to Laura
Afterwards Sarah and Angela went to the office, and Lisa gave a drink to Angela
Then, Charles and Erin had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Charles
Then, Joseph and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Joseph
Then, Jeremy and Samuel were thinking about going to the school. Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
The local big house Katherine and Jeremy went to had a basketball. William gave it to Jeremy
After the lunch Mary and Kyle went to the station, and Lindsey gave a basketball to Mary
Then, William and Jason had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Jason
Then Richard and Robert had a lot of fun at the office, and Tyler gave a kiss to Richard
Afterwards, Kenneth and Cody went to the station. Dustin gave a bone to Cody
Then in the morning, Stephen and Steven were thinking about going to the restaurant. Michelle wanted to give a snack to Steven
Then Robert and Kristen were thinking about going to the school, and Michael wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Katherine and Tyler were working at the station. Dustin decided to give a bone to Katherine
Afterwards, Kelly and Kimberly went to the store. Brandon gave a kiss to Kelly
After the lunch, Christopher and Erin went to the school. Angela gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Thomas and Stephanie went to the house, and William gave a drink to Thomas
Then Sean and Jeremy were working at the school, and Heather decided to give a computer to Sean
Then Samantha and Christine had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Samantha
Then Travis and Matthew had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Travis
Then, Jessica and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Jessica
Then Katie and Adam were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then, Travis and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Travis
Then Ryan and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Ryan
Then, Michelle and Christina were thinking about going to the store. Erica wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then in the morning afterwards, David and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Eric
After the lunch Ryan and Amanda went to the restaurant, and Alexander gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards Charles and Kevin went to the house, and Jonathan gave a drink to Charles
Then, Jamie and Patrick went to the school. Michael gave a kiss to Jamie
Then, Emily and Michelle were working at the hospital. Joshua decided to give a computer to Emily
Then Mark and Paul had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Mark
After the lunch, Kenneth and Jessica went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch Patrick and Angela went to the station, and Shannon gave a computer to Angela
Then Vanessa and Patrick had a lot of fun at the store, and Nicole gave a snack to Vanessa
Then, Thomas and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the office. Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
After taking a long break John and Melissa went to the garden, Sara gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Kyle and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Kyle
Then, Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant. Brian gave a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, Sara and Joseph went to the office. James gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Bradley and Matthew were working at the school. Emily decided to give a snack to Bradley
After the lunch Kristen and Kelly went to the office, and Christina gave a computer to Kelly
Then Alicia and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Dustin
Then Stephanie and Bradley went to the garden, and Steven gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Daniel and Mary had a long argument and after that Sean said to Mary
Then, Shannon and Michael went to the store. Timothy gave a basketball to Shannon
Then, Brittany and Matthew went to the station. Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
Afterwards, Scott and Lindsey went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Scott
When soon afterwards Jonathan and Bradley got a snack at the garden, Brittany decided to give it to Bradley
Then Jesse and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Jesse
Then, Patrick and Courtney were working at the hospital. Scott decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then Elizabeth and Andrea were working at the garden, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Then, Samantha and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Ryan
Then Jason and Heather went to the restaurant, and David gave a computer to Jason
Then Jessica and Kimberly were working at the garden, and James decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Kristen and Lisa were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a snack to Lisa
Afterwards, Jason and Charles went to the garden. Laura gave a snack to Jason
Then Alexander and Joshua were working at the house, and Charles decided to give a basketball to Alexander
Then in the morning, Nathan and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Gregory
Then Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Jennifer
Then Kristen and Amber were working at the store, and Erica decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Amber and Danielle were working at the restaurant. Tiffany decided to give a bone to Amber
Afterwards, Stephen and Jason went to the garden. Aaron gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, Jennifer and Matthew were working at the office. Jessica decided to give a kiss to Jennifer
Then, Joseph and Robert were working at the hospital. Lindsey decided to give a necklace to Robert
After the lunch, Paul and Kenneth went to the school. Shannon gave a bone to Paul
Then in the morning afterwards, Joseph and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Shannon
Then, Danielle and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Danielle
Then, Kyle and Katherine were thinking about going to the office. Jessica wanted to give a kiss to Kyle
Then Dustin and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store, and Brittany gave a basketball to Dustin
Then Jose and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Jose
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Angela got a ring at the store, Bryan decided to give the ring to Angela
Then Jeremy and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jeremy
Then, Katie and Crystal were thinking about going to the hospital. Steven wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Afterwards Mark and Shannon went to the hospital, and Jason gave a kiss to Shannon
Afterwards Cody and Justin went to the office, and Samuel gave a bone to Cody
Then Erin and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Erin
After the lunch Crystal and Jennifer went to the restaurant, and Christina gave a ring to Crystal
Then Adam and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Christina
Then, Jamie and Dustin had a long argument and after that Jason said to Jamie
Then Christopher and Cody were thinking about going to the store, and Michelle wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then, Melissa and Steven went to the hospital. Samantha gave a computer to Steven
Then in the morning, Michael and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Ryan and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsay gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, John and Alicia were working at the office. Jacob decided to give a bone to John
Then, Stephanie and Michelle were working at the hospital. Jason decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then, Jonathan and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Jonathan
Then, Jason and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Gregory wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then Ryan and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden, and Brittany wanted to give a basketball to Ryan
Then, Anthony and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden. Jonathan wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then Jacob and John had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Jacob
Then Jeremy and Elizabeth went to the restaurant, and John gave a ring to Jeremy
Then, Jonathan and Kevin had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rachel gave a bone to Kevin
Then, Jason and Elizabeth went to the hospital. Dustin gave a bone to Jason
Then in the morning, Tyler and Jessica went to the store. William gave a basketball to Jessica
Then, Robert and Richard had a lot of fun at the office. Tyler gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Matthew and Erica went to the garden. Eric gave a computer to Erica
Then Ashley and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Jeffrey wanted to give a drink to Ashley
Then, Crystal and Heather had a lot of fun at the school. Bradley gave a bone to Crystal
While spending time together Erica and Bryan were working at the office, Andrew gave a necklace to Bryan
Afterwards, Tyler and Gregory went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a ring to Gregory
Then Shannon and Lauren went to the store, and Matthew gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Brandon and Kelly went to the school. Eric gave a ring to Kelly
Then Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Travis and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Travis
Then Justin and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Justin
Then Benjamin and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the house, and Danielle gave a computer to Benjamin
After taking a long break Timothy and Lauren went to the office, Kenneth gave a bone to Lauren
Then in the morning, William and James went to the hospital. Jacob gave a kiss to James
While spending time together Joshua and Jennifer were working at the hospital, Richard gave a computer to Jennifer
Then, Charles and Danielle went to the store. Jeremy gave a ring to Charles
Then Amber and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Jessica
Then, Courtney and Sean were working at the office. Gregory decided to give a snack to Courtney
After taking a long break Aaron and Melissa went to the school, Travis gave a snack to Melissa
Then Benjamin and Michelle were thinking about going to the hospital, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
After the lunch Jeremy and Richard went to the hospital, and Kelly gave a ring to Richard
Then in the morning, Amber and David were working at the school. Kenneth decided to give a basketball to David
Afterwards, Tyler and Sara went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Sara
Then, Vanessa and Benjamin went to the hospital. Lisa gave a bone to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Jeremy
Then, Allison and Gregory were thinking about going to the house. Justin wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Then, Jessica and Erica had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Erica
After the lunch, Emily and Courtney went to the station. Richard gave a kiss to Emily
Then, Timothy and Daniel went to the house. Crystal gave a snack to Timothy
Afterwards, Bradley and Alicia went to the store. John gave a kiss to Bradley
Then Timothy and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Sean
Then, Adam and Richard were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a snack to Adam
Then, Rebecca and Kyle were working at the office. Richard decided to give a snack to Kyle
Afterwards Kelly and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Brittany gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Emily and Laura had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrew gave a computer to Emily
Afterwards, Danielle and Kristen went to the house. Crystal gave a computer to Danielle
Then Crystal and Ryan went to the hospital, and William gave a snack to Crystal
Then, Justin and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Justin
Then Stephen and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Courtney
Then Lindsay and Jennifer went to the restaurant, and Jesse gave a necklace to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Aaron and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Ashley
Then, Michelle and Alexander were thinking about going to the office. Jose wanted to give a snack to Michelle
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Dustin went to the school. Patrick gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Katherine and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Katherine
Then in the morning, Alicia and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Justin said to Sean
Then Christine and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jesse wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then Scott and Patrick were working at the house, and Christopher decided to give a drink to Scott
Then, Gregory and Eric had a lot of fun at the house. Scott gave a ring to Gregory
Then in the morning, Adam and Travis were working at the restaurant. Steven decided to give a necklace to Travis
Afterwards, Kristen and Angela went to the restaurant. Richard gave a necklace to Angela
Then, Kenneth and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Kelly
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ashley and Justin went to the office. Paul gave a basketball to Justin
When soon afterwards David and Alexander got a bone at the restaurant, Kimberly decided to give it to Alexander
Then Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Brian gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Angela and Aaron went to the garden. Christina gave a computer to Aaron
Then Katie and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station, and Vanessa gave a ring to Michelle
When soon afterwards Robert and Nathan got a computer at the house, Brittany decided to give it to Nathan
Then, David and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to David
Then, Adam and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Christina
Afterwards, while spending time together Richard and Jesse went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a snack to Jesse
Then Tyler and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Bryan and Angela were thinking about going to the house. Lisa wanted to give a bone to Angela
Friends separated at birth Justin and Joseph found a drink at the house. James gave it to Joseph
Then Anthony and Tyler had a lot of fun at the school, and Brian gave a ring to Anthony
Then, Patrick and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Mary said to Patrick
Then, Jeremy and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Samuel
Then Ryan and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Kyle
Then Amy and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Amy
Then, Kenneth and William had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to William
Afterwards, Kyle and Jonathan went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Kyle
Then Michael and Sean had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rachel gave a kiss to Michael
Then, Kelly and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Kelly
Then, Shannon and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Shannon
Then Ryan and Crystal went to the hospital, and William gave a snack to Crystal
Then Matthew and Nicholas were thinking about going to the station, and Charles wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then Jessica and Jacob had a lot of fun at the station, and Laura gave a ring to Jacob
After the lunch, Shannon and Lauren went to the house. Eric gave a ring to Shannon
After the lunch, Mark and Courtney went to the garden. Timothy gave a computer to Courtney
After taking a long break Bryan and Erin went to the school, Robert gave a basketball to Erin
Then, Jamie and Paul were thinking about going to the school. Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then Lindsay and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to Lindsey
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Lindsay went to the office. Lauren gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Michael and Erica were thinking about going to the garden, and Sean wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Then Kristen and Rachel went to the house, and Bradley gave a bone to Rachel
Then, Kelly and Emily were thinking about going to the restaurant. Crystal wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Then in the morning, Brian and Travis were thinking about going to the store. Sean wanted to give a necklace to Travis
After the lunch Robert and Brian went to the restaurant, and Amy gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Katie and Kyle had a lot of fun at the house. Tyler gave a bone to Katie
After taking a long break Tiffany and Nicholas went to the hospital, Steven gave a drink to Nicholas
Then Ashley and Heather had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Heather
After the lunch Steven and Megan went to the restaurant, and David gave a necklace to Steven
Then in the morning, Amanda and Samuel went to the garden. Lindsay gave a computer to Samuel
Then, Bradley and Tyler were working at the hospital. Melissa decided to give a bone to Bradley
Then, Mary and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jessica gave a necklace to Mary
Then Joshua and Alexander were working at the house, and Charles decided to give a basketball to Alexander
Then, Jessica and Lauren went to the store. Jason gave a drink to Jessica
The local big office Lindsay and Emily went to had a bone. Bryan gave it to Emily
After the lunch Brian and Robert went to the restaurant, and Amy gave a basketball to Brian
After the lunch Joseph and Jennifer went to the office, and Charles gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then Patrick and Jamie went to the school, and Michael gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Kelly and Megan had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Megan
Afterwards, Jeffrey and Jesse went to the restaurant. Brian gave a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, Amanda and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school. Thomas gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Dustin and Daniel had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Dustin
Friends separated at birth Andrew and Aaron found a ring at the restaurant. Amanda gave it to Aaron
After taking a long break Bryan and Michael went to the school, Eric gave a snack to Michael
Then, Samantha and Stephen had a lot of fun at the garden. Allison gave a computer to Stephen
Then Sarah and Kimberly had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Kimberly
Then, Megan and Lindsey were thinking about going to the office. Timothy wanted to give a snack to Megan
Then, Amanda and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Amanda
The local big hospital Alicia and Benjamin went to had a bone. Crystal gave it to Benjamin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jose and Rebecca went to the office. Jason gave a ring to Rebecca
Then, Lindsay and Ryan were thinking about going to the store. Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
While spending time together Justin and Angela were working at the house, Rebecca gave a computer to Angela
Then Sean and Jonathan were thinking about going to the store, and Benjamin wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
After the lunch Sarah and Ashley went to the house, and Megan gave a bone to Sarah
After the lunch Samantha and Stephen went to the office, and Sarah gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Stephanie and Thomas went to the house. William gave a drink to Thomas
Then Jamie and Patrick went to the school, and Michael gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Vanessa and Travis had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alicia gave a snack to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Gregory and Dustin went to the store. Jeremy gave a necklace to Dustin
After the lunch, Ashley and Kyle went to the store. Eric gave a bone to Ashley
Then, Bradley and Alexander were working at the restaurant. Rachel decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then Kyle and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Kyle
Then, James and Robert had a lot of fun at the store. Sarah gave a necklace to James
Then, Patrick and Aaron went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Thomas and Erica were working at the store. Laura decided to give a drink to Erica
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Bryan got a kiss at the school, Katie decided to give the kiss to Bryan
Then, Christopher and Brian were working at the station. Megan decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then, Brian and Heather had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rebecca gave a ring to Brian
Then, Christina and Kyle were working at the station. Shannon decided to give a computer to Christina
Then, Samantha and Christina had a lot of fun at the store. Crystal gave a computer to Samantha
Then James and Laura were working at the office, and Michael decided to give a computer to Laura
Then Rachel and Timothy were thinking about going to the office, and David wanted to give a computer to Rachel
After the lunch, Christina and Nicholas went to the station. Patrick gave a basketball to Christina
Then Bryan and Jacob were working at the office, and Ashley decided to give a snack to Jacob
Then in the morning, Tyler and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Travis
Then, Benjamin and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office. Jacob wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Then Gregory and Amber had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Gregory
Then, Rachel and Jose were thinking about going to the station. Amanda wanted to give a necklace to Jose
While spending time together Cody and Anthony were working at the house, Joseph gave a computer to Anthony
Then Katherine and Erin had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Katherine
After the lunch Lindsay and Michael went to the school, and Brian gave a snack to Michael
Then, Jesse and Angela were thinking about going to the school. Mark wanted to give a snack to Angela
When soon afterwards Aaron and Danielle got a necklace at the garden, Michelle decided to give it to Danielle
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsey and Anthony went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a ring to Anthony
Then Sean and Jason had a long argument, and after that Aaron said to Sean
After the lunch Nicole and Jason went to the restaurant, and Lauren gave a ring to Jason
Then, Jose and John were working at the school. Alicia decided to give a bone to Jose
Then Sarah and Charles were working at the garden, and Cody decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then Robert and Travis went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards Kyle and Matthew went to the hospital, and Eric gave a bone to Kyle
Afterwards Courtney and Lindsay went to the store, and James gave a kiss to Lindsay
Then Brian and Crystal were working at the garden, and Kristen decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephen and Bradley went to the school. Aaron gave a computer to Bradley
Then, Katherine and Amber had a long argument and after that Travis said to Amber
Afterwards, Danielle and Charles went to the station. Bradley gave a basketball to Danielle
After the lunch Mark and Mary went to the school, and Melissa gave a drink to Mary
When soon afterwards Alexander and Megan got a ring at the garden, Stephanie decided to give it to Megan
Then, Richard and David were working at the store. Jeffrey decided to give a ring to David
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Tiffany were working at the station. Brittany decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Laura and Elizabeth went to the hospital, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Aaron and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Richard
Then Timothy and Katherine were working at the hospital, and Kelly decided to give a bone to Katherine
Then Jose and Jessica were working at the garden, and Nicholas decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then William and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school, and Andrea wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Danielle and Nicole went to the hospital. Christina gave a bone to Nicole
Then Cody and Megan were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a bone to Megan
Then, Courtney and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the station. Steven gave a ring to Courtney
Then in the morning, Nicole and Jamie were working at the house. Michelle decided to give a ring to Jamie
Then Stephanie and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Jason decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then, Laura and Michelle were working at the hospital. Stephanie decided to give a drink to Laura
Then Heather and Amanda were thinking about going to the house, and Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Heather
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Jonathan
Then Charles and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and Dustin gave a kiss to Charles
When soon afterwards Kyle and Tiffany got a snack at the house, Emily decided to give it to Tiffany
Then, Jeremy and Vanessa had a long argument and after that David said to Vanessa
After the lunch, Justin and Lindsay went to the house. Ashley gave a bone to Lindsay
Then David and Emily had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jacob gave a ring to David
Then Danielle and Kyle were working at the station, and Justin decided to give a computer to Danielle
When soon afterwards Patrick and Justin got a snack at the restaurant, Stephanie decided to give the snack to Justin
Afterwards, Matthew and Melissa went to the school. David gave a computer to Matthew
Then, Lisa and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Lisa
Then, Charles and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Charles
Then Jessica and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
Then Melissa and Steven went to the hospital, and Samantha gave a computer to Steven
Afterwards Charles and Danielle went to the station, and Bradley gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Bradley and Sean went to the hospital. Matthew gave a kiss to Bradley
Then Robert and Melissa were thinking about going to the store, and Scott wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then Gregory and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden, and Kevin wanted to give a bone to Gregory
While spending time together Rachel and Jessica were commuting to the house, Dustin gave a bone to Jessica
When soon afterwards Kristen and Rebecca got a snack at the restaurant, Jennifer decided to give the snack to Rebecca
After the lunch, Lauren and Shannon went to the house. Eric gave a ring to Shannon
Afterwards, while spending time together Kelly and Justin went to the store. Jeffrey gave a ring to Justin
Then, Brian and Jamie went to the restaurant. Sarah gave a bone to Brian
Afterwards John and Mary went to the hospital, and Kristen gave a drink to Mary
After the lunch, Samantha and Stephen went to the office. Sarah gave a necklace to Samantha
Then Christine and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Mary
Then, Alexander and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Alexander
Afterwards Melissa and Katie went to the garden, and Richard gave a necklace to Katie
Afterwards, while spending time together Richard and Dustin went to the office. Lindsay gave a basketball to Dustin
After the lunch, Ryan and Amanda went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a bone to Ryan
Then Bryan and Angela were thinking about going to the house, and Michael wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then in the morning, David and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. Adam gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Michelle and Bradley were working at the hospital. Robert decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Vanessa and Amber had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Amber
Then Emily and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Crystal wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Then Courtney and Jose had a lot of fun at the store, and Nicole gave a necklace to Courtney
When soon afterwards Bryan and Katie got a bone at the restaurant, Allison decided to give it to Katie
Then Samantha and Nicholas were working at the house, and Benjamin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards, Lindsey and Stephanie went to the school. Joseph gave a ring to Stephanie
Then Lindsay and Angela went to the hospital, and Michelle gave a basketball to Angela
Then Jason and Charles had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Charles
Then Kevin and Daniel went to the station, and Jason gave a kiss to Kevin
Then, Amber and Gregory were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a computer to Amber
Afterwards, Tyler and Jacob went to the station. Paul gave a basketball to Tyler
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Christine had a lot of fun at the house. Tyler gave a computer to Christine
Then, Jose and Samantha had a long argument and after that Emily said to Jose
Then Joshua and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Joshua
Then Jeremy and Andrea were working at the store, and William decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
Afterwards, Paul and Rebecca went to the store. Danielle gave a drink to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Melissa and Nicole went to the station. Mark gave a necklace to Nicole
Then Ryan and Laura went to the garden, and Anthony gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards, Aaron and Cody went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to Cody
Then Lauren and Travis were thinking about going to the school, and Cody wanted to give a ring to Lauren
Afterwards, Sarah and Crystal went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Sarah
After taking a long break Jessica and Kenneth went to the restaurant, Elizabeth gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Paul and Travis went to the restaurant. Emily gave a necklace to Travis
Then Allison and John were working at the hospital, and Laura decided to give a kiss to John
After taking a long break Courtney and Allison went to the hospital, Crystal gave a drink to Allison
After the lunch Stephen and Kelly went to the store, and Andrew gave a necklace to Kelly
Then Alicia and Kyle were thinking about going to the station, and Bryan wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
After the lunch Courtney and Jose went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a bone to Courtney
Then Paul and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sean gave a kiss to Paul
Then Amber and Gregory were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Amber
Then Katherine and Angela were thinking about going to the house, and Mark wanted to give a drink to Katherine
Afterwards Thomas and Tiffany went to the store, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Ashley and Erin were working at the station, and Kenneth decided to give a drink to Erin
Then, Jeremy and Andrea were working at the store. William decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
Afterwards Michael and Kristen went to the store, and Benjamin gave a computer to Michael
After the lunch, Laura and Jonathan went to the house. Kevin gave a kiss to Jonathan
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Kimberly went to the school. Lisa gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then Nathan and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the office, and Gregory gave a bone to Nathan
Then Jason and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Jason
Then Thomas and Erica were working at the store, and Laura decided to give a drink to Erica
Then, Dustin and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Brittany wanted to give a computer to Dustin
After taking a long break Nicole and Steven went to the store, Brittany gave a drink to Steven
Then Kevin and Jeremy went to the house, and Heather gave a necklace to Jeremy
Then Jacob and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Jacob
Then Jason and William had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Jason
While spending time together Laura and David were commuting to the restaurant, Michelle gave a ring to David
Then, Samantha and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Jonathan
Then Jeremy and Robert were thinking about going to the house, and Andrew wanted to give a computer to Robert
Then, Laura and Ashley were working at the restaurant. Amy decided to give a basketball to Ashley
Then Samantha and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Samantha
Then Eric and Christopher had a lot of fun at the school, and Stephen gave a snack to Eric
Then Eric and Brittany were working at the restaurant, and Jose decided to give a drink to Eric
Then, Charles and Rachel were thinking about going to the store. Andrew wanted to give a drink to Charles
Afterwards, while spending time together Aaron and Mary went to the store. Benjamin gave a basketball to Mary
Then Christina and Ashley were working at the school, and Benjamin decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then Alexander and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Alexander
Then Timothy and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jamie gave a necklace to Timothy
Then, Brian and John had a lot of fun at the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Brian
Then Lauren and Shannon had a lot of fun at the office, and Brittany gave a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards Timothy and Matthew went to the school, and Lindsay gave a drink to Matthew
Then Courtney and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Andrew and Adam were thinking about going to the garden. Andrea wanted to give a ring to Adam
Afterwards Paul and Amy went to the garden, and Anthony gave a snack to Amy
Then Lauren and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Brittany
Afterwards, Bryan and Erica went to the office. Travis gave a ring to Bryan
After the lunch Jeremy and Daniel went to the house, and Katherine gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch Dustin and Brandon went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Steven and Melissa went to the hospital, and Samantha gave a computer to Steven
Then, Kyle and Anthony went to the store. Kelly gave a basketball to Kyle
After the lunch, Katherine and Rebecca went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to Katherine
Afterwards, Cody and Bradley went to the hospital. Megan gave a ring to Cody
Then Gregory and Eric had a lot of fun at the house, and Scott gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Mary and Christina had a lot of fun at the store. Amanda gave a snack to Mary
After taking a long break Steven and Travis went to the hospital, Erica gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Ashley and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Ashley
Then Alicia and Mary had a lot of fun at the house, and Sara gave a drink to Alicia
Then William and Scott had a lot of fun at the store, and Kevin gave a bone to William
Then Jonathan and Steven had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Steven
Afterwards Jacob and Stephen went to the station, and Tiffany gave a drink to Jacob
Afterwards Anthony and Brian went to the school, and Amanda gave a computer to Brian
Afterwards, Jeremy and Angela went to the hospital. Rachel gave a basketball to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Rebecca and David went to the office. Jonathan gave a kiss to David
Then Samuel and Kelly were thinking about going to the store, and Andrea wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Then, Travis and Paul went to the restaurant. Emily gave a necklace to Travis
After the lunch, Robert and Brian went to the restaurant. Amy gave a basketball to Brian
Then William and Jason had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Jason
Then, Michelle and Benjamin were thinking about going to the hospital. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then, Lindsey and Lisa were thinking about going to the store. Amanda wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Kyle and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Matthew
Afterwards Bradley and Jeffrey went to the house, and Jesse gave a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards, David and Katherine went to the store. John gave a drink to David
Then, Jonathan and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Jonathan
Then, Cody and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Cody
Then Charles and William had a lot of fun at the station, and Lisa gave a computer to William
Then Vanessa and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Lisa gave a bone to Vanessa
Afterwards Paul and Jeffrey went to the restaurant, and Kenneth gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Jonathan and Heather went to the store. Crystal gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Bryan and Katherine were thinking about going to the school. Dustin wanted to give a drink to Bryan
The local big restaurant Andrea and Sara went to had a basketball. William gave it to Sara
Then Jamie and Paul were thinking about going to the school, and Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch in the afternoon, Erica and Daniel went to the school. Shannon gave a snack to Daniel
Then Charles and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the store, and Brian gave a drink to Charles
Then, Robert and Lindsay went to the store. Sara gave a computer to Lindsay
Then, Rachel and Timothy were thinking about going to the office. David wanted to give a computer to Rachel
When soon afterwards Sara and Megan got a snack at the hospital, Jacob decided to give the snack to Megan
Afterwards, Kelly and Tiffany went to the office. Christopher gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Ryan and Lindsay were thinking about going to the store, and Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
Then Jeremy and Samuel were thinking about going to the school, and Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Afterwards Bryan and Joshua went to the hospital, and John gave a basketball to Bryan
Then David and Amber were working at the school, and Mark decided to give a basketball to David
After the lunch, Erin and Jennifer went to the house. Nicole gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Aaron and Laura had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jacob gave a ring to Laura
Then, Jeremy and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Jeremy
Then Lauren and Mark had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Lauren
Then Tiffany and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Tiffany
Then Adam and Cody were working at the office, and Stephen decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then Tyler and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital, and Andrew wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then Courtney and Brandon went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a drink to Courtney
Then, Courtney and Christine were working at the hospital. Bradley decided to give a basketball to Courtney
Then, Amanda and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Amanda
The local big house Jamie and Jennifer went to had a basketball. Jason gave it to Jennifer
Then, Jeffrey and Nicole were thinking about going to the office. Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Nicole
Then, Megan and Katherine were thinking about going to the station. Kristen wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then Samuel and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Stephanie
Then Steven and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Eric
Friends separated at birth Erica and Lisa found a drink at the station. Lauren gave it to Lisa
Then Stephanie and Danielle went to the station, and Jonathan gave a snack to Stephanie
While spending time together Lindsey and Kyle were working at the restaurant, Sara gave a kiss to Kyle
Then in the morning, Allison and Lindsay went to the garden. Samantha gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Jose and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Jose
Then in the morning, Michael and Kenneth were working at the garden. Eric decided to give a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch Andrea and Erin went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a drink to Erin
Afterwards, while spending time together Matthew and Courtney went to the store. Dustin gave a kiss to Courtney
Then Jeremy and Samantha had a lot of fun at the school, and Nicole gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Matthew and Eric had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Robert gave a ring to Matthew
Then Ashley and Richard were working at the office, and Amber decided to give a necklace to Ashley
When soon afterwards Robert and Jonathan got a necklace at the house, Matthew decided to give it to Jonathan
Afterwards, Mark and Melissa went to the house. Tiffany gave a kiss to Mark
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsay and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Christopher
Afterwards, Tiffany and Matthew went to the school. Courtney gave a computer to Matthew
After the lunch, Katie and Dustin went to the garden. Kevin gave a kiss to Dustin
Afterwards, Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden. Michael gave a computer to Dustin
After the lunch, Lauren and Kenneth went to the school. Timothy gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Travis and Kelly were working at the office. Brandon decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then Kenneth and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Kenneth
Then, Megan and Richard were working at the office. Katherine decided to give a ring to Richard
Then, Christina and Jeffrey went to the station. Justin gave a necklace to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Courtney and Mark went to the garden. Timothy gave a computer to Courtney
Then, Jennifer and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Jennifer
Then, Rachel and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Rachel
Then, Alicia and Stephanie were thinking about going to the garden. Elizabeth wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then Alicia and James had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to James
Friends separated at birth Amber and David found a drink at the house. Ryan gave it to David
While spending time together Andrea and Jose were commuting to the hospital, Justin gave a bone to Jose
Then, Daniel and Alicia went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Alicia
Then, Vanessa and Crystal had a long argument and after that David said to Crystal
Then, Allison and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital. Eric gave a ring to Allison
Then in the morning, Brittany and John were thinking about going to the house. Mark wanted to give a computer to John
Then Jamie and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden, and Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
After taking a long break Rachel and Michael went to the garden, Ashley gave a snack to Michael
Then, Melissa and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the garden. Kyle gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Gregory and Amanda were thinking about going to the store. Katherine wanted to give a basketball to Amanda
Afterwards, Tiffany and Thomas went to the store. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards Alicia and Bradley went to the store, and John gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Rebecca and Sara went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Brian and Timothy had a lot of fun at the office, and Tyler gave a bone to Brian
After the lunch, Paul and Stephen went to the school. Tyler gave a drink to Paul
Then Jeffrey and Timothy had a lot of fun at the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Timothy
Then Rebecca and Kyle were working at the office, and Richard decided to give a snack to Kyle
Then Sara and Katherine went to the house, and Stephen gave a basketball to Sara
Then Robert and Joseph were working at the hospital, and Lindsey decided to give a necklace to Robert
After the lunch, Anthony and Jessica went to the store. Bradley gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Sarah and James went to the hospital. Emily gave a computer to Sarah
Afterwards Andrew and Alicia went to the garden, and Christina gave a ring to Andrew
Then Paul and Sean had a lot of fun at the office, and Eric gave a snack to Sean
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsey and Patrick went to the station. Megan gave a basketball to Patrick
Then Lisa and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Lisa
Then Sarah and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Heather said to Sarah
Then in the morning, Angela and Brian went to the hospital. Joshua gave a ring to Brian
Then, Erin and Aaron had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Aaron
Afterwards, Rebecca and Paul went to the store. Danielle gave a drink to Rebecca
Then Ashley and Christina were working at the school, and Benjamin decided to give a kiss to Ashley
Then David and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and William gave a drink to David
Afterwards, Andrew and Shannon went to the school. Anthony gave a ring to Andrew
Then William and Patrick were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Bryan wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Justin and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Justin
Afterwards Amber and William went to the garden, and Crystal gave a snack to Amber
Then, Sarah and Nicholas were working at the office. Courtney decided to give a necklace to Sarah
Afterwards Laura and Brandon went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a computer to Laura
Afterwards Amber and Courtney went to the restaurant, and Brandon gave a bone to Courtney
The local big garden Kyle and Jeremy went to had a kiss. Kristen gave it to Jeremy
Then Benjamin and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office, and Jacob wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Anthony and Ashley were working at the hospital. Robert decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Afterwards, Shannon and Jennifer went to the garden. Jose gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Kristen and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Justin said to Kristen
Then, Vanessa and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Nathan wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Friends separated at birth Bryan and Tyler found a bone at the store. William gave it to Tyler
Then, Jacob and Timothy were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
Then Matthew and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Matthew
After the lunch in the afternoon, Mark and Amanda went to the school. Brittany gave a basketball to Amanda
Then, Aaron and Jonathan went to the store. Samantha gave a ring to Aaron
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jason and Travis went to the house. Michael gave a snack to Travis
Then, Allison and John were working at the hospital. Laura decided to give a kiss to John
Then Jeremy and Katherine were thinking about going to the hospital, and Adam wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Rachel were working at the store. Adam decided to give a drink to Rachel
Then, Bradley and Tiffany went to the garden. Mary gave a snack to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Angela and Charles got a computer at the garden, Jason decided to give the computer to Charles
Then, Nicole and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Nicole
Then, Mark and Amanda were working at the garden. Tyler decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then John and Stephen had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and David gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, Elizabeth and John were working at the house. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then Travis and Christopher had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Christopher
Then Robert and Jeremy were thinking about going to the garden, and Matthew wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Bryan and Mary went to the hospital. Shannon gave a necklace to Bryan
Then Allison and Lindsay went to the garden, and Dustin gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Courtney and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school. Benjamin wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Kristen and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office. Jason wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
After the lunch Joshua and Michelle went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a drink to Michelle
Then, Bradley and Stephanie went to the garden. Steven gave a ring to Stephanie
Afterwards, Alicia and Bradley went to the store. John gave a kiss to Bradley
Then Angela and Jesse were thinking about going to the school, and Mark wanted to give a snack to Angela
While spending time together Adam and Travis were commuting to the house, William gave a necklace to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, Richard and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Sara
Then, Sarah and Richard had a lot of fun at the hospital. Nathan gave a ring to Richard
While spending time together Jesse and Lindsey were commuting to the station, Richard gave a drink to Lindsey
After the lunch, Dustin and Brandon went to the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Dustin
After the lunch Jeremy and Andrea went to the store, and Thomas gave a bone to Jeremy
After the lunch Ashley and Kyle went to the store, and Eric gave a bone to Ashley
Then Travis and Scott went to the restaurant, and Sara gave a necklace to Scott
While spending time together Cody and Rebecca were working at the office, Nathan gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital, and Lisa gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, John and Brian had a lot of fun at the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Brian
While spending time together Tiffany and Jonathan were working at the station, Gregory gave a bone to Jonathan
Then, Brittany and Eric were working at the restaurant. Jose decided to give a drink to Eric
After the lunch, Megan and Tiffany went to the school. Brittany gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Amber and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Amber
Then, Rachel and Brian had a long argument and after that Steven said to Brian
After the lunch, Sara and Richard went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a ring to Sara
Then Nicholas and Justin had a lot of fun at the school, and Allison gave a ring to Nicholas
Then, Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Jonathan
Afterwards, Paul and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Christina and Sean were working at the hospital, and Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Christina
Afterwards, while spending time together Joshua and Kimberly went to the store. Amy gave a drink to Kimberly
Then, Kevin and Laura went to the restaurant. Adam gave a snack to Kevin
While spending time together Erica and Amanda were working at the school, Gregory gave a necklace to Amanda
Then Aaron and Emily were working at the house, and Joshua decided to give a bone to Emily
Then, Kevin and Sara went to the station. Brittany gave a bone to Sara
Then, Lindsey and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the school. Elizabeth gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Tiffany and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jessica gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Samuel and Timothy had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rebecca gave a snack to Timothy
After the lunch, Tiffany and Alicia went to the store. Sara gave a snack to Alicia
Then Timothy and Kevin went to the hospital, and William gave a necklace to Kevin
Then, Samuel and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Christine said to Stephanie
Then Tiffany and Vanessa were working at the station, and Nathan decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Sean and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
While spending time together Jason and Brittany were commuting to the office, Melissa gave a necklace to Brittany
Then Mark and Katie were working at the station, and Andrew decided to give a computer to Mark
Then, Rachel and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Kyle
Then Angela and Lindsay went to the house, and John gave a drink to Lindsay
After the lunch Megan and Steven went to the restaurant, and David gave a necklace to Steven
Then Cody and Scott were thinking about going to the station, and Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then, Lindsay and Crystal were working at the station. Laura decided to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Elizabeth and Jeremy went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to Jeremy
Then, Eric and Jason had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Jason
Then, Adam and William had a lot of fun at the house. Jose gave a ring to Adam
While spending time together Alexander and Kelly were commuting to the garden, Emily gave a necklace to Kelly
Then Joseph and David had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to David
Then Tyler and Matthew had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jonathan gave a bone to Tyler
Then Samantha and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Emily wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then Rebecca and Amy had a lot of fun at the garden, and James gave a necklace to Amy
Then, Amber and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Alexander said to Amber
Then Joseph and Dustin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amy wanted to give a snack to Joseph
Then, Brittany and David had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Brittany
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Scott had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Scott
Then Matthew and Angela had a lot of fun at the school, and Mark gave a snack to Matthew
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Samuel
Afterwards, Mary and Dustin went to the station. Jason gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Joshua and Kenneth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a computer to Kenneth
Afterwards, Rebecca and Nathan went to the house. Sean gave a computer to Nathan
Then Joseph and Shannon had a long argument, and after that James said to Joseph
Afterwards, Travis and Benjamin went to the station. Megan gave a ring to Travis
Afterwards William and James went to the hospital, and Jesse gave a kiss to William
Afterwards, Ashley and Thomas went to the school. Timothy gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Gregory and Ashley had a lot of fun at the hospital. Bradley gave a snack to Ashley
When soon afterwards Michelle and Robert got a computer at the office, Bradley decided to give it to Robert
Then, Jonathan and Travis went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Jacob and Jeffrey were working at the hospital. Cody decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Justin and Gregory were working at the school, and William decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then Vanessa and Jamie had a lot of fun at the store, and Thomas gave a basketball to Vanessa
Friends separated at birth Cody and Timothy found a necklace at the hospital. Kimberly gave it to Timothy
Then, Jamie and Nicole were working at the house. Jesse decided to give a ring to Jamie
After the lunch Robert and Patrick went to the station, and Bradley gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, William and Christine had a long argument and after that Brian said to Christine
Afterwards James and Benjamin went to the station, and William gave a ring to James
After the lunch, Michelle and Rebecca went to the garden. Ryan gave a drink to Michelle
Then, Ashley and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant. Erin wanted to give a basketball to Ashley
While spending time together Sean and Thomas were commuting to the store, Andrew gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Kenneth and Erica had a long argument and after that Robert said to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Angela were thinking about going to the station. Andrew wanted to give a drink to Angela
After the lunch, Ryan and Danielle went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a bone to Danielle
Then in the morning, Aaron and Dustin went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Stephanie and Bradley went to the garden. Steven gave a ring to Stephanie
While spending time together Sarah and Tiffany were working at the station, Christina gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then, John and Alexander went to the school. Gregory gave a computer to John
After the lunch Anthony and Patrick went to the store, and Crystal gave a computer to Anthony
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Samantha got a ring at the house, Crystal decided to give it to Samantha
After the lunch Rachel and Nicholas went to the garden, and Katie gave a snack to Nicholas
Then in the morning afterwards, Sean and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Christine
Then, Eric and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Benjamin said to Eric
Then Melissa and Amy had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Melissa
Then Andrea and Christina went to the school, and Michael gave a snack to Christina
Then, Alicia and Stephen had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a drink to Stephen
Then, Katherine and Kelly had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Katherine
Then Katherine and Samantha went to the office, and Jeffrey gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Rachel and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Charles
Then, Thomas and Nicole were working at the restaurant. Lauren decided to give a computer to Nicole
Then, Elizabeth and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Scott gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Nathan and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden, and Michelle gave a bone to Nathan
Then Shannon and Joseph had a long argument, and after that James said to Joseph
The local big store Andrew and Jason went to had a kiss. Kelly gave it to Jason
After taking a long break Kevin and Nathan went to the restaurant, Jeremy gave a basketball to Nathan
Then, Jessica and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Jessica
Then in the morning, Kelly and Samuel were thinking about going to the store. David wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Then Ryan and Christine went to the store, and Courtney gave a necklace to Christine
Then in the morning, James and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Jacob
Then, Amber and Alicia were working at the store. Lindsay decided to give a bone to Amber
Then Mary and Travis were working at the store, and Ryan decided to give a snack to Mary
Then, Richard and Sean were thinking about going to the store. Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Richard
After the lunch Nicole and Mark went to the station, and Benjamin gave a computer to Nicole
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Paul
Then Courtney and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Samantha
Then, Mark and Paul had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Mark
Then, Jeffrey and Joseph were thinking about going to the hospital. Rebecca wanted to give a computer to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Adam and Nicole got a necklace at the school, Amy decided to give the necklace to Nicole
Then, Angela and Anthony had a lot of fun at the station. John gave a snack to Anthony
Afterwards Scott and Lindsey went to the office, and Eric gave a snack to Scott
Then Lindsay and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Christopher said to Samuel
Afterwards Anthony and Jason went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a necklace to Anthony
Then, Andrew and Samuel had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Andrew
Then Megan and David were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Lauren wanted to give a ring to Megan
Then David and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Nicholas gave a drink to David
Then David and Richard were working at the store, and Jeffrey decided to give a ring to David
Then Steven and Kristen were working at the garden, and David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Aaron and Eric had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michael gave a computer to Eric
Then, Eric and Aaron went to the store. Brandon gave a ring to Eric
Then in the morning, Gregory and Angela were working at the station. Richard decided to give a ring to Angela
Then Benjamin and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Benjamin
Then Jeffrey and Alicia were working at the station, and Steven decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
After the lunch in the afternoon, Mary and Alexander went to the office. Bradley gave a ring to Alexander
Afterwards, Emily and Jessica went to the station. Kenneth gave a drink to Emily
After the lunch Sean and Sara went to the station, and Rebecca gave a necklace to Sara
After the lunch Patrick and Timothy went to the hospital, and Amy gave a basketball to Timothy
After the lunch, Emily and Amy went to the station. Heather gave a bone to Amy
Then in the morning afterwards, Emily and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Michael
Then in the morning afterwards, Kelly and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Sean
Then Paul and Amanda were working at the hospital, and Cody decided to give a basketball to Paul
Then, Kelly and Angela were working at the garden. Daniel decided to give a drink to Angela
Afterwards Paul and Erin went to the school, and Allison gave a kiss to Paul
Then, William and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to William
Afterwards, Angela and Jeremy went to the hospital. Rachel gave a basketball to Angela
After the lunch Angela and Patrick went to the station, and Shannon gave a computer to Angela
Then, Dustin and Jacob had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Dustin
Then, Andrea and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Vanessa
Afterwards Gregory and Travis went to the house, and Lauren gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Amanda and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school. Lauren gave a ring to Nicole
The local big restaurant Lisa and Joseph went to had a kiss. Allison gave it to Joseph
Then, Amanda and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Thomas
Then in the morning, Brittany and Charles had a lot of fun at the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Charles
Then Katherine and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Sean
Then, Mary and Jacob went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Jacob
Then, Robert and Jonathan were working at the station. Brandon decided to give a basketball to Robert
Then Mark and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Lauren
When soon afterwards Kimberly and Eric got a basketball at the school, Nicholas decided to give it to Eric
When soon afterwards Erica and Brandon got a bone at the restaurant, Robert decided to give the bone to Brandon
Then Timothy and Cody were working at the house, and Ryan decided to give a necklace to Cody
Afterwards Rachel and Lisa went to the house, and Joshua gave a bone to Lisa
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Joshua were thinking about going to the house. Jeffrey wanted to give a bone to Joshua
Then in the morning, William and Sean were working at the restaurant. Jamie decided to give a kiss to Sean
Then Ashley and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Bradley gave a snack to Ashley
Then in the morning, Joshua and Amanda went to the house. Crystal gave a kiss to Amanda
Then Thomas and Amanda were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Thomas
Then Joshua and Sarah went to the garden, and Michelle gave a drink to Joshua
Then Dustin and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Dustin
Then, Lauren and Christopher went to the office. Tyler gave a ring to Lauren
Then James and Sarah went to the hospital, and Emily gave a computer to Sarah
Then Christina and Michelle were thinking about going to the store, and Erica wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then, Dustin and Joseph were thinking about going to the hospital. Amy wanted to give a snack to Joseph
Then Katherine and Bryan were thinking about going to the school, and Dustin wanted to give a drink to Bryan
Friends separated at birth Christina and Vanessa found a bone at the station. Samantha gave it to Vanessa
Then, Gregory and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Cody
Then Brian and Rachel had a lot of fun at the house, and Tiffany gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Jose and Kristen went to the school. Andrea gave a computer to Jose
Then Katie and Amy had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Katie
Then, Amber and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Jessica
Then Nathan and Tyler went to the station, and Andrew gave a drink to Nathan
After the lunch, Paul and Tyler went to the house. John gave a snack to Tyler
Then Andrew and Erica had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Erica
After the lunch, Megan and Steven went to the restaurant. David gave a necklace to Steven
Then Benjamin and Sean had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Benjamin
The local big house Courtney and Samantha went to had a drink. Amy gave it to Samantha
After the lunch Benjamin and Tiffany went to the store, and Thomas gave a drink to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Emily and David had a lot of fun at the hospital. Cody gave a ring to David
Then Daniel and Lisa went to the office, and Aaron gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Katherine and Sara went to the house. Stephen gave a basketball to Sara
Then in the morning, Charles and Scott went to the office. Aaron gave a basketball to Scott
After taking a long break Thomas and Lisa went to the garden, Laura gave a bone to Lisa
Friends separated at birth Megan and Katherine found a snack at the school. Elizabeth gave it to Katherine
Then Heather and Jamie were working at the house, and Laura decided to give a basketball to Heather
Then Eric and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Eric
Then, Timothy and Jacob were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
Then, Jesse and Andrew had a long argument and after that Megan said to Andrew
When soon afterwards Anthony and Bradley got a necklace at the office, Jeffrey decided to give it to Bradley
Then, Benjamin and Christina had a long argument and after that David said to Benjamin
Then Cody and Steven went to the office, and Richard gave a necklace to Cody
Then, Bryan and Joseph were working at the hospital. David decided to give a snack to Joseph
Then, Patrick and William were thinking about going to the restaurant. Bryan wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Emily and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to Emily
Then, Samuel and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Joshua
Then in the morning afterwards, Steven and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Sean
After the lunch, Jessica and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Erin and James went to the house, and Samantha gave a snack to James
Then, Jeremy and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Rebecca gave a snack to Jacob
Then, Angela and Dustin were thinking about going to the station. Mark wanted to give a ring to Angela
Then Charles and Danielle went to the store, and Jeremy gave a ring to Charles
Afterwards, Richard and Nicole went to the hospital. Travis gave a drink to Richard
Then Shannon and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Shannon
Then Kelly and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Kelly
After the lunch Lauren and Jesse went to the school, and Lisa gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Gregory and Justin were working at the school. William decided to give a necklace to Gregory
Then Kelly and Jason were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, Heather and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office. Tyler gave a ring to Heather
Then Brittany and Sarah went to the hospital, and Sara gave a ring to Brittany
Then, Kimberly and Nathan had a lot of fun at the office. Gregory gave a bone to Nathan
Then in the morning, Jacob and Christine had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Kevin gave a ring to Christine
Then Ryan and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Thomas gave a bone to Erica
Then, Megan and David were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a ring to Megan
Then Nicholas and Katherine had a long argument, and after that James said to Nicholas
Afterwards Rebecca and Samuel went to the garden, and Scott gave a drink to Rebecca
While spending time together Cody and Brian were working at the garden, Charles gave a drink to Brian
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Angela had a lot of fun at the hospital. Ryan gave a bone to Angela
Then, Anthony and Stephanie went to the hospital. Joseph gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Timothy and Eric had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Timothy
Then in the morning, Eric and Kenneth went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch Nicholas and Alexander went to the house, and Scott gave a kiss to Alexander
The local big restaurant Anthony and Brian went to had a basketball. John gave it to Brian
After the lunch Sean and Eric went to the garden, and Megan gave a kiss to Eric
Then in the morning, Sean and Mary had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a necklace to Mary
Friends separated at birth Rebecca and Sara found a necklace at the store. Benjamin gave it to Sara
Then, Benjamin and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Adam gave a kiss to Benjamin
The local big restaurant Christopher and Michael went to had a snack. Danielle gave it to Michael
Afterwards, Michael and Benjamin went to the station. Bryan gave a bone to Benjamin
Then, Eric and Anthony were working at the hospital. Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
After the lunch, David and Andrew went to the store. Sarah gave a basketball to David
After the lunch, Rebecca and John went to the store. Lauren gave a snack to Rebecca
Then, Benjamin and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Benjamin
After the lunch Alexander and Nicholas went to the house, and Scott gave a kiss to Alexander
Afterwards, Melissa and Katie went to the garden. Richard gave a necklace to Katie
Then, Gregory and Katherine went to the station. Lindsay gave a computer to Katherine
Then Megan and Bryan were thinking about going to the office, and Anthony wanted to give a drink to Megan
Then John and Elizabeth went to the house, and Lauren gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Samuel and Mark went to the garden, and Jessica gave a ring to Mark
Then Nicole and Alicia were thinking about going to the station, and Kenneth wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then, Dustin and Megan had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Dustin
After the lunch Lisa and Amber went to the store, and Matthew gave a snack to Lisa
Then, Timothy and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Timothy
Then Paul and Mark had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Mark
Then Benjamin and Vanessa were working at the garden, and Jeremy decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then James and Christopher were working at the garden, and Kimberly decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Then Michelle and Rebecca were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Adam wanted to give a drink to Michelle
Then Shannon and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the house, and Scott gave a basketball to Lindsay
When soon afterwards Amanda and Kristen got a kiss at the hospital, Jason decided to give the kiss to Kristen
After the lunch Jennifer and Lindsey went to the station, and Lauren gave a basketball to Lindsey
Then David and Christine went to the restaurant, and Jacob gave a basketball to David
Then Brittany and Danielle were working at the restaurant, and Charles decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Daniel and Erica went to the garden, and Joshua gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Katie and Nicholas were working at the garden, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Samuel and Mark went to the garden. Jessica gave a ring to Mark
Then Stephanie and Aaron went to the house, and Jesse gave a bone to Stephanie
Then, Laura and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Laura
Then Charles and Christopher were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then Jesse and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Jesse
Then Melissa and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Kenneth
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha were working at the store. Matthew decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Stephanie and Richard went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Paul and Mark had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Mark
Then Kimberly and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kyle gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then Lindsey and Christine had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a computer to Lindsey
Friends separated at birth Katherine and Jamie found a bone at the office. Lauren gave it to Jamie
Then, Kenneth and Justin had a long argument and after that Brian said to Kenneth
Then, Brittany and Danielle were working at the restaurant. Charles decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Joseph and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Joseph
Then Alicia and Jason were thinking about going to the school, and Matthew wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then Lauren and Katie were thinking about going to the office, and Bryan wanted to give a kiss to Katie
Then, Jessica and Jacob had a lot of fun at the station. Laura gave a ring to Jacob
Then Melissa and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden, and Daniel gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Tiffany and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Tiffany
Then, Angela and Eric were working at the school. Nicole decided to give a computer to Angela
The local big hospital Robert and Lindsay went to had a snack. Kenneth gave it to Lindsay
Afterwards Anthony and Jesse went to the hospital, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Jesse
When soon afterwards Brian and Jennifer got a snack at the garden, Joseph decided to give it to Jennifer
Then, Samantha and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital. Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Kevin and Laura had a lot of fun at the house. Katherine gave a drink to Kevin
After the lunch, Justin and Sara went to the office. Joshua gave a drink to Justin
Then, Jessica and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jeffrey gave a basketball to Jessica
After the lunch, Amanda and Ryan went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards Tyler and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Melissa gave a ring to Gregory
Afterwards Joshua and Michael went to the station, and Justin gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Shannon and Amber had a long argument and after that Steven said to Shannon
Then Sarah and Courtney were thinking about going to the office, and Ryan wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Gregory and Patrick were thinking about going to the office, and Ashley wanted to give a ring to Gregory
When soon afterwards Joseph and Christina got a ring at the station, Dustin decided to give the ring to Christina
Afterwards, Joshua and Bryan went to the hospital. John gave a basketball to Bryan
Then in the morning, Megan and Travis were working at the school. Michael decided to give a necklace to Travis
Afterwards Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden, and Michael gave a computer to Dustin
Then Thomas and Rachel went to the restaurant, and Paul gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Nicole and Sara were working at the restaurant, and Amanda decided to give a drink to Nicole
After the lunch Stephanie and Lindsay went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Jose and Mark had a lot of fun at the store. Christopher gave a snack to Jose
After the lunch, Joshua and Michelle went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a drink to Michelle
Then, Gregory and Amber had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Gregory
Then Eric and Christina went to the house, and James gave a ring to Eric
Then Jamie and Nicole were working at the house, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Jamie
After the lunch, Gregory and Steven went to the station. Alexander gave a bone to Steven
Then, Kelly and Aaron were working at the school. Christina decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Afterwards Angela and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Rachel gave a basketball to Angela
Then Rebecca and Sara went to the store, and Jeffrey gave a computer to Rebecca
Then, Jonathan and Amanda went to the house. Heather gave a basketball to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Tyler and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Laura
Then in the morning, Stephen and Richard had a lot of fun at the school. Rebecca gave a bone to Richard
Then Crystal and Brian were working at the garden, and Kristen decided to give a basketball to Crystal
After the lunch Nathan and Kevin went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a basketball to Nathan
Then, Kristen and Kevin were thinking about going to the school. Rachel wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Amy and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Patrick
Then, Kelly and Brian had a lot of fun at the house. Scott gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Katie and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Sara
Then, Jessica and Jose went to the house. Justin gave a bone to Jessica
Then Nicole and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Nicole
Then Jennifer and Vanessa were thinking about going to the store, and Danielle wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
Then Nicholas and David had a lot of fun at the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then Brandon and Kimberly were working at the office, and Bryan decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then James and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to James
While spending time together Tiffany and Aaron were commuting to the school, Amy gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Erica and Andrew had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Erica
Then Jessica and Lauren went to the store, and Jason gave a drink to Jessica
Then, Ashley and Allison went to the school. Christina gave a bone to Allison
Then, Patrick and Jamie went to the school. Michael gave a kiss to Jamie
Then Matthew and Erica went to the garden, and Eric gave a computer to Erica
Then Paul and Melissa were thinking about going to the school, and Lisa wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then Paul and Samuel were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards Jose and Heather went to the store, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Jose
Then Nicholas and Adam went to the office, and Jeremy gave a bone to Nicholas
Then Nicole and Lisa had a lot of fun at the house, and Shannon gave a snack to Nicole
After the lunch, Danielle and Christine went to the office. Justin gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Kimberly and Brandon were working at the office. Bryan decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
After the lunch in the afternoon, Shannon and Brandon went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Brandon
Then in the morning, Bradley and John had a lot of fun at the house. Kevin gave a computer to John
After the lunch in the afternoon, Angela and Michael went to the hospital. Amanda gave a computer to Michael
Then, Joseph and Richard went to the office. Kimberly gave a necklace to Richard
Then Travis and Kristen went to the garden, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Travis
Then, Heather and Samantha were thinking about going to the restaurant. Robert wanted to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Jason and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Kenneth
Then Mary and Christina had a lot of fun at the store, and Amanda gave a snack to Mary
Then, Samantha and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital. Alexander gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Kenneth and Scott had a long argument and after that Amy said to Scott
Then Lisa and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Laura
Then Dustin and Mark had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Dustin
Then, Jesse and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to Jesse
Then Jacob and Jeffrey were working at the hospital, and Cody decided to give a basketball to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Jennifer and Joseph went to the office. Charles gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then, Gregory and Angela were working at the station. Katherine decided to give a ring to Angela
When soon afterwards Joseph and Laura got a basketball at the hospital, Brian decided to give it to Laura
Then Jamie and Allison were working at the office, and Steven decided to give a bone to Jamie
The local big hospital Crystal and William went to had a snack. Scott gave it to William
Then Jamie and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Jeremy
Then, Tiffany and Allison were thinking about going to the garden. Kristen wanted to give a snack to Tiffany
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lisa and Christopher went to the office. Emily gave a snack to Christopher
Then, Kyle and David were working at the house. Brian decided to give a ring to David
After the lunch Heather and Christina went to the hospital, and Christine gave a necklace to Christina
Afterwards Charles and Mark went to the store, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Mark
Then Vanessa and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Anthony
Then, Lindsey and William were thinking about going to the school. Andrea wanted to give a bone to Lindsey
Afterwards, Lindsey and Gregory went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Jeffrey and Matthew had a lot of fun at the school. Joseph gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Afterwards, William and Amber went to the garden. Crystal gave a snack to Amber
Afterwards Danielle and Kyle went to the garden, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Nathan and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrew gave a basketball to Ryan
Afterwards, Amanda and Eric went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a kiss to Eric
Then Megan and Cody were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a bone to Megan
Then Courtney and Travis had a long argument, and after that Rebecca said to Courtney
Then, Matthew and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the house. Crystal gave a ring to Matthew
Then, Crystal and Vanessa had a long argument and after that David said to Crystal
Then Daniel and Alicia went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Alicia
Then, Andrea and Nathan had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Nathan
Then Timothy and Courtney had a lot of fun at the garden, and Sarah gave a snack to Timothy
Then Jose and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Jose
Then, Bryan and Michelle were working at the garden. Lindsay decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then, Kevin and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Kevin
Afterwards Nicole and Paul went to the house, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, Jacob and Stephen went to the station. Tiffany gave a drink to Jacob
Then, Kristen and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alexander gave a kiss to Kristen
Then Christina and Thomas went to the station, and Adam gave a bone to Christina
While spending time together Lisa and Cody were commuting to the station, Katie gave a kiss to Cody
After the lunch, Stephanie and Rebecca went to the station. Patrick gave a necklace to Stephanie
Afterwards, Katherine and Mary went to the school. Adam gave a ring to Katherine
Then, David and Alexander had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Alexander
Afterwards, Thomas and Angela went to the station. Benjamin gave a snack to Angela
After the lunch Emily and Amy went to the station, and Heather gave a bone to Amy
Then, William and Charles had a lot of fun at the station. Lisa gave a computer to William
While spending time together Amy and Erica were commuting to the house, Jacob gave a bone to Erica
Afterwards, while spending time together Jeffrey and James went to the restaurant. Erica gave a computer to James
Afterwards, Nicole and Samuel went to the office. Joseph gave a ring to Nicole
Then in the morning, Samuel and Jose were thinking about going to the restaurant. Sean wanted to give a kiss to Jose
Then Erica and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Stephanie
Then Michelle and Bradley were working at the hospital, and Robert decided to give a snack to Bradley
After the lunch Michelle and Rebecca went to the garden, and Ryan gave a drink to Michelle
Then in the morning, Erica and Tyler were thinking about going to the store. Jeffrey wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then, Mark and Allison went to the school. Adam gave a ring to Mark
Then Tyler and Matthew were working at the office, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Tyler
Then Anthony and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden, and Jonathan wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Afterwards, Nathan and Anthony went to the hospital. Brian gave a kiss to Nathan
Then in the morning, Christopher and John were working at the store. Sara decided to give a kiss to John
Then Erica and Thomas were working at the store, and Laura decided to give a drink to Erica
Then Courtney and Justin were working at the hospital, and Kevin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Then Shannon and Kyle were working at the garden, and Daniel decided to give a necklace to Shannon
Then Christina and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that David said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Emily and Tiffany went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a drink to Tiffany
Then, Alicia and Kristen went to the station. Erin gave a drink to Kristen
After the lunch, Stephen and Paul went to the school. Tyler gave a drink to Paul
After the lunch Alicia and Tiffany went to the store, and Sara gave a snack to Alicia
Afterwards, while spending time together Vanessa and Christine went to the school. Gregory gave a drink to Christine
Then, Samantha and Ashley had a lot of fun at the garden. Tiffany gave a ring to Samantha
Then, Steven and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Eric
Then, Aaron and Vanessa were working at the restaurant. Kyle decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then Joseph and Richard went to the office, and Kimberly gave a necklace to Richard
After the lunch, Stephanie and Eric went to the hospital. Patrick gave a necklace to Eric
Then, Sara and Steven were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Afterwards Samantha and Steven went to the office, and Charles gave a basketball to Samantha
After the lunch, Sean and Sara went to the station. Rebecca gave a necklace to Sara
Then, Bradley and Alicia were thinking about going to the hospital. Sean wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Afterwards Michael and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Lauren gave a snack to Michael
Then in the morning, Benjamin and Heather were working at the store. Elizabeth decided to give a ring to Heather
Then in the morning, Bradley and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital. Justin gave a drink to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Rachel and Patrick went to the school. Lisa gave a necklace to Patrick
While spending time together Jason and Joseph were working at the school, Jesse gave a drink to Joseph
Then Kelly and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Katherine
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Kevin went to the station. Steven gave a kiss to Kevin
Then in the morning, Andrea and Jesse were thinking about going to the hospital. Tyler wanted to give a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, Melissa and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Kenneth
Then Patrick and Elizabeth were working at the store, and Michael decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Katherine and Jeremy were thinking about going to the hospital, and Adam wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then, Christine and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Benjamin
Then Emily and Bradley went to the school, and Christopher gave a ring to Emily
Then, Alicia and Nicole were thinking about going to the station. Kenneth wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then, Justin and Jonathan were working at the garden. Laura decided to give a bone to Justin
Then, Brittany and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station. Alexander gave a ring to Brittany
Then, Nicholas and Matthew were thinking about going to the station. Charles wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then Jeremy and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Daniel and Alicia went to the house. Gregory gave a ring to Alicia
Afterwards, Bryan and Sarah went to the house. Stephanie gave a necklace to Bryan
Then, Ryan and Amanda went to the house. Jesse gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Jennifer
Then, Laura and Tyler had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Laura
While spending time together James and Tiffany were commuting to the house, Megan gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Scott and Angela were working at the restaurant, and Steven decided to give a ring to Scott
After the lunch Brandon and Amber went to the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Brandon
Then Sean and Mary had a lot of fun at the station, and Jesse gave a necklace to Mary
Then Eric and Jason had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Jason
Then, Amanda and Lauren went to the school. Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Nicole and Paul went to the hospital, and Bradley gave a computer to Paul
Then Adam and Lindsay were working at the house, and William decided to give a ring to Adam
Afterwards Bryan and Andrew went to the house, and Kenneth gave a drink to Andrew
Then, Benjamin and Erica had a long argument and after that Sara said to Benjamin
While spending time together Sarah and Amanda were commuting to the school, Jacob gave a computer to Amanda
After the lunch John and Amy went to the store, and Joshua gave a snack to John
Then, Patrick and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Patrick
Afterwards, Jamie and Eric went to the hospital. Matthew gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Jonathan and Justin were working at the house. Elizabeth decided to give a ring to Justin
Then, Patrick and Lisa were thinking about going to the house. Lindsey wanted to give a ring to Patrick
Then, Nathan and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Sean said to Stephanie
After the lunch Amy and Ryan went to the station, and Jeremy gave a snack to Ryan
Then Brittany and Ashley had a lot of fun at the station, and Alexander gave a ring to Brittany
After the lunch, Shannon and Jeffrey went to the office. William gave a basketball to Jeffrey
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Shannon went to the office. William gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Friends separated at birth David and Brittany found a computer at the restaurant. Timothy gave it to Brittany
Then Rachel and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Rachel
Then, Ashley and Sean went to the garden. Erin gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Robert and Melissa had a lot of fun at the store. Michelle gave a snack to Robert
Then Lauren and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Ashley
Then Jamie and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Andrew gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Jennifer and Richard were working at the school, and Scott decided to give a snack to Jennifer
Afterwards, Brian and Anthony went to the school. Amanda gave a computer to Brian
Then, Sara and Alicia had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Sara
Afterwards Matthew and Timothy went to the school, and Lindsay gave a drink to Matthew
Then Crystal and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Eric
Then Amanda and Mark were working at the garden, and Tyler decided to give a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, while spending time together Christine and Bryan went to the school. Jose gave a bone to Bryan
Friends separated at birth Nicholas and Jesse found a ring at the house. Megan gave it to Jesse
After the lunch Vanessa and Ryan went to the store, and Samuel gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Bryan and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Heather said to Bryan
Then, Lindsay and Robert had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sean gave a snack to Lindsay
Then in the morning afterwards, Erin and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Alicia
Then in the morning, Katie and Stephen had a lot of fun at the garden. Alicia gave a snack to Stephen
Then, Nicholas and Samantha were working at the house. Benjamin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Allison and Brandon went to the school, and Nicholas gave a necklace to Brandon
After the lunch, Christina and Heather went to the hospital. Christine gave a necklace to Christina
Then Kenneth and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Kenneth
Then, Katie and Lauren had a lot of fun at the school. Danielle gave a basketball to Lauren
After the lunch Richard and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Kelly gave a ring to Richard
Then, Courtney and Patrick were working at the hospital. Scott decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then Christina and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Christina
Then, Katie and Jamie went to the store. Kenneth gave a snack to Katie
Then Joshua and Samuel went to the house, and Scott gave a necklace to Samuel
After the lunch in the afternoon, Stephanie and Joshua went to the garden. Christina gave a ring to Joshua
Then Vanessa and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Jason
Afterwards David and Alexander went to the restaurant, and Jose gave a bone to Alexander
Afterwards Katie and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a computer to Katie
Then Rebecca and David had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Rebecca
Then Michelle and Melissa had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Joseph gave a necklace to Melissa
Then, Sarah and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Sarah
Afterwards, Christina and Katherine went to the school. Christopher gave a computer to Katherine
Then Cody and Laura were working at the restaurant, and Crystal decided to give a necklace to Cody
Afterwards Benjamin and Cody went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Shannon and Amy had a lot of fun at the station. Kelly gave a drink to Amy
Then, David and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to David
Afterwards Christine and Melissa went to the house, and Laura gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Samuel and Andrew had a lot of fun at the store. Kimberly gave a bone to Samuel
Then Samuel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jessica gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Robert and James had a long argument and after that Anthony said to Robert
Then Christopher and James were working at the garden, and Kimberly decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Afterwards Jeremy and Lisa went to the station, and Robert gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Sean and Robert had a lot of fun at the garden, and Daniel gave a snack to Sean
Then, Courtney and Sarah were thinking about going to the office. Ryan wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Robert and Adam were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a ring to Robert
Then Vanessa and Jessica went to the house, and Thomas gave a ring to Vanessa
After the lunch Brian and Vanessa went to the garden, and Amanda gave a ring to Brian
Then Jesse and Allison had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Jesse
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Mark went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a kiss to Mark
Then Christina and Steven went to the station, and Aaron gave a computer to Christina
Then, Bryan and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Erica gave a ring to Bryan
Then, Kenneth and Eric went to the hospital. Michelle gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Allison and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Heather said to Benjamin
Then John and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Christine gave a drink to John
Then Lauren and Angela had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Lauren
Then, Ryan and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Ryan
Then, Michelle and Nicole went to the store. Michael gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Samantha and Andrew had a lot of fun at the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Andrew
After the lunch, Kenneth and Brittany went to the garden. Sara gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, Daniel and Brian went to the hospital. Christopher gave a bone to Daniel
After the lunch Stephen and David went to the school, and Jason gave a computer to David
While spending time together Alexander and Travis were working at the store, Crystal gave a basketball to Travis
After the lunch, William and Nathan went to the hospital. Shannon gave a kiss to William
Then, Crystal and Danielle were working at the hospital. Jamie decided to give a computer to Danielle
Afterwards David and Katherine went to the store, and John gave a drink to David
Then Angela and Brandon were working at the school, and Amber decided to give a basketball to Brandon
Afterwards Rebecca and Nathan went to the house, and Sean gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Joseph and Bryan were working at the hospital. David decided to give a snack to Joseph
Then Richard and Sarah had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Nathan gave a ring to Richard
Then, Ryan and Matthew were working at the hospital. William decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then in the morning, Scott and Lisa had a lot of fun at the store. Matthew gave a necklace to Lisa
Then Nathan and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Stephanie
After the lunch Kyle and Thomas went to the store, and Adam gave a drink to Kyle
After the lunch, Nathan and Joseph went to the store. Amanda gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Mark and Charles were working at the office. Gregory decided to give a ring to Charles
Then Sarah and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Sarah
Afterwards Paul and Nicole went to the house, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards Lindsey and Kevin went to the restaurant, and Kimberly gave a drink to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Amy and Aaron were thinking about going to the hospital. Jeremy wanted to give a computer to Aaron
Afterwards, Laura and Brandon went to the restaurant. Paul gave a computer to Laura
Then Christopher and Adam went to the school, and Jose gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Sara and Rebecca went to the store, and Jeffrey gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Timothy and Jamie were working at the garden, and Jesse decided to give a bone to Timothy
Then, Kimberly and Kevin went to the hospital. David gave a bone to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Kyle and Samantha had a lot of fun at the house. Kimberly gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Kelly and Jason were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a kiss to Jason
While spending time together Stephanie and Christine were working at the hospital, Ryan gave a drink to Christine
After the lunch Patrick and Bryan went to the store, and Lindsay gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Kyle and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Kyle
After the lunch, Sean and Samantha went to the hospital. Kevin gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Ashley and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital. Bradley gave a snack to Ashley
Then in the morning, Alicia and Bradley were thinking about going to the hospital. Kelly wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then in the morning, Eric and Angela were working at the school. Amy decided to give a computer to Angela
Then Benjamin and Christine had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Lauren and Cody were thinking about going to the restaurant. Mary wanted to give a computer to Cody
Then, Gregory and Patrick were thinking about going to the office. Ashley wanted to give a ring to Gregory
Afterwards Bradley and Cody went to the hospital, and Megan gave a ring to Cody
The local big restaurant Samuel and Charles went to had a bone. Adam gave it to Charles
Then Charles and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Charles
When soon afterwards Sarah and Christina got a computer at the office, Lisa decided to give it to Christina
Then Anthony and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Elizabeth and Jonathan went to the station. Steven gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then, Jamie and Mary had a long argument and after that Courtney said to Mary
Then Danielle and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Danielle
Then, Amber and Bryan went to the store. Crystal gave a basketball to Amber
When soon afterwards Robert and Erin got a computer at the restaurant, Courtney decided to give the computer to Erin
Then, Kenneth and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Kelly
After the lunch, David and Katherine went to the school. Angela gave a snack to David
Afterwards, while spending time together Samantha and Adam went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to Adam
Then Jeffrey and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
Then, Brittany and Angela had a long argument and after that Robert said to Brittany
Then Katie and Crystal were thinking about going to the hospital, and Steven wanted to give a drink to Crystal
After the lunch, Travis and Justin went to the restaurant. Jose gave a kiss to Travis
Then, Kevin and Stephen were thinking about going to the school. Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Angela and Jamie went to the school. Heather gave a computer to Jamie
Then Anthony and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Jessica
Then, Michelle and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Michelle
After the lunch Jessica and Rebecca went to the store, and Courtney gave a basketball to Rebecca
After the lunch Richard and Patrick went to the house, and Jose gave a necklace to Patrick
Then in the morning, Samantha and Brandon were working at the office. Kimberly decided to give a computer to Brandon
After the lunch Paul and Tyler went to the house, and John gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Joshua and Sean were thinking about going to the station. Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Sean
Afterwards, Kristen and Danielle went to the house. Crystal gave a computer to Danielle
Then Kristen and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Kristen
Then Richard and Christopher had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Christopher
Afterwards Kelly and Tiffany went to the office, and Christopher gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Brittany and John were thinking about going to the house, and Brandon wanted to give a computer to John
Then, Michael and Brandon had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a drink to Michael
After the lunch, Steven and Travis went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a necklace to Travis
Then Richard and Jeffrey went to the hospital, and Michelle gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Vanessa and Travis had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alicia gave a snack to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Cody and Rebecca were working at the house. Courtney decided to give a ring to Rebecca
Then Travis and Allison had a long argument, and afterwards Rebecca said to Travis
Then, Ryan and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Ryan
While spending time together Ryan and Anthony were working at the house, Allison gave a drink to Anthony
Afterwards, Mary and Katherine went to the school. Adam gave a ring to Katherine
Then Aaron and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school, and Anthony gave a necklace to Aaron
Then, Charles and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the store. Brian gave a drink to Charles
Then, Brian and Nicole had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Brian
Then, Michelle and Mark went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a kiss to Michelle
Then in the morning, Timothy and Shannon went to the garden. Christina gave a basketball to Shannon
Then, Timothy and Brian had a lot of fun at the office. Tyler gave a bone to Brian
Then Mark and Samuel went to the garden, and Jessica gave a ring to Mark
Friends separated at birth Erin and Samantha found a basketball at the garden. Emily gave it to Samantha
Then Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Katherine
Then Scott and Joseph went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a kiss to Joseph
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Sean
After the lunch Sara and Justin went to the office, and Joshua gave a drink to Justin
Then Kenneth and Sean were working at the store, and Allison decided to give a bone to Kenneth
Then, Shannon and Katherine went to the store. Justin gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning afterwards, Elizabeth and Lisa had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Lisa
Then, Megan and Michael were working at the school. Jesse decided to give a ring to Michael
Then William and Jeffrey went to the school, and Christina gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then, Crystal and Jennifer were working at the office. Amy decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Bryan and Angela were thinking about going to the house. Michael wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then Katherine and William had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Katherine
Then Timothy and Eric had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Timothy
After the lunch, Eric and Stephanie went to the hospital. Patrick gave a necklace to Eric
After the lunch Justin and Sean went to the hospital, and Rachel gave a necklace to Sean
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Charles went to the garden. Jeremy gave a kiss to Charles
After the lunch, Shannon and Patrick went to the school. Christina gave a necklace to Shannon
After the lunch, Tyler and Paul went to the house. John gave a snack to Tyler
Then Sarah and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Kelly
Then, Patrick and Justin went to the school. Ashley gave a necklace to Patrick
After the lunch, Jeremy and Ashley went to the garden. Amanda gave a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch, Stephen and Shannon went to the hospital. Cody gave a computer to Stephen
Then Gregory and Angela were working at the station, and Katherine decided to give a ring to Angela
Then, Samantha and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant. Robert wanted to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Samuel and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Then, Jessica and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Stephen
Then, Michelle and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Timothy
Then, Kristen and Robert were thinking about going to the school. Michael wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Christina and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Christina
After the lunch, Kristen and Christina went to the house. John gave a kiss to Kristen
Afterwards Cody and Bradley went to the hospital, and Megan gave a ring to Cody
While spending time together Richard and Vanessa were working at the office, Jacob gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then Aaron and Angela went to the garden, and Christina gave a computer to Aaron
Then Brian and Alexander had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jeffrey gave a drink to Alexander
Then Amanda and Laura were working at the house, and Travis decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then in the morning, Jamie and Richard had a lot of fun at the office. Dustin gave a drink to Richard
Then, Stephen and William went to the garden. Richard gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards, Emily and Sean went to the garden. Crystal gave a ring to Emily
After the lunch Jennifer and Erin went to the house, and Nicole gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Rebecca and David had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Rebecca
Afterwards, while spending time together Bradley and Amber went to the office. Megan gave a kiss to Amber
When soon afterwards Jessica and Anthony got a bone at the office, Justin decided to give it to Anthony
Then in the morning, Brian and Christopher were working at the station. Steven decided to give a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch, Justin and Sean went to the hospital. Rachel gave a necklace to Sean
Friends separated at birth Charles and Jonathan found a kiss at the store. Eric gave it to Jonathan
Then Nathan and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
Then, Allison and Jesse had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Jesse
After taking a long break Lindsey and Samantha went to the restaurant, Joseph gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Amanda and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Amanda
Then Samantha and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Ryan
Afterwards John and Angela went to the station, and Brittany gave a ring to Angela
Afterwards, Kenneth and Jeremy went to the station. Rachel gave a snack to Kenneth
Then Christina and Mary had a lot of fun at the store, and Amanda gave a snack to Mary
Afterwards, Sean and Angela went to the office. Robert gave a ring to Sean
After the lunch, Eric and Sean went to the garden. Megan gave a kiss to Eric
After the lunch Jeffrey and Paul went to the house, and Eric gave a bone to Paul
After the lunch Kevin and Elizabeth went to the station, and Steven gave a kiss to Kevin
Then, Rachel and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Rachel
Then in the morning, Paul and Justin were thinking about going to the store. Jamie wanted to give a ring to Justin
Afterwards Jessica and Christine went to the house, and Kristen gave a basketball to Christine
Then Danielle and Angela had a lot of fun at the school, and Jesse gave a basketball to Danielle
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Bradley got a snack at the store, Samantha decided to give the snack to Bradley
Afterwards Jennifer and Benjamin went to the school, and Adam gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Nicole and Lauren were thinking about going to the store, and Amber wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Then, Paul and Jonathan were thinking about going to the house. Erica wanted to give a snack to Paul
After the lunch, Michelle and Sara went to the restaurant. Erica gave a bone to Michelle
Then Christina and Jeffrey went to the station, and Justin gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Then Kenneth and Jamie went to the office, and Benjamin gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Steven and Christina went to the station. Aaron gave a computer to Christina
After the lunch Kyle and Mary went to the station, and Lindsey gave a basketball to Mary
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Cody went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a snack to Cody
Then Heather and Jacob were working at the office, and Michael decided to give a ring to Heather
Afterwards, Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office. Michael gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Andrea and Lindsay were thinking about going to the house. Lisa wanted to give a kiss to Andrea
Then Anthony and Kyle went to the store, and Kelly gave a basketball to Kyle
Then Paul and Jose were thinking about going to the garden, and Amber wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then Nicholas and Sarah had a lot of fun at the office, and Crystal gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Aaron and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Richard
Afterwards, Thomas and Scott went to the office. Mary gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Courtney and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Samantha gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Kristen and Katherine were working at the garden. David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Sarah and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Sarah
Then in the morning, Gregory and Kelly were working at the store. Jacob decided to give a kiss to Kelly
After taking a long break Rachel and Samuel went to the station, Courtney gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Matthew and Joseph were thinking about going to the garden. Lisa wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
Then, Kimberly and Adam were thinking about going to the house. Ashley wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then, Kevin and Alexander had a long argument and after that Adam said to Alexander
Afterwards, Brandon and Gregory went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to Gregory
Then, Travis and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alicia gave a snack to Vanessa
After the lunch Michael and Elizabeth went to the station, and Erin gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Kelly and Ashley had a lot of fun at the house, and Kenneth gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Michelle and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a drink to Jennifer
Then, Stephen and Katherine were working at the store. Bradley decided to give a drink to Stephen
After taking a long break Eric and William went to the restaurant, Bradley gave a drink to William
Then, Kyle and Lauren had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Lauren
Afterwards, Lindsey and Scott went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Scott
The local big house Daniel and Adam went to had a drink. Kristen gave it to Adam
Then Amber and Bryan went to the store, and Crystal gave a basketball to Amber
Then, Rachel and Samantha had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Samantha
Afterwards Stephen and Andrea went to the garden, and William gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, Christina and Andrea went to the school. Michael gave a snack to Christina
Then Katherine and Tyler were working at the station, and Dustin decided to give a bone to Katherine
Afterwards Robert and Joseph went to the garden, and Christina gave a snack to Robert
Then, Kevin and Thomas had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Kevin
After the lunch Justin and Travis went to the restaurant, and Jose gave a kiss to Travis
Then, Sean and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Sean
Then Nicole and Rachel were working at the garden, and John decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards, Katherine and Melissa went to the garden. Gregory gave a basketball to Melissa
Then Michelle and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Timothy
Then Heather and Courtney were thinking about going to the hospital, and Lindsay wanted to give a necklace to Heather
Then Jamie and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Jamie
Then in the morning, Anthony and Paul went to the restaurant. Mark gave a computer to Paul
Then Sarah and Brittany went to the hospital, and Sara gave a ring to Brittany
Then Stephanie and Ryan were thinking about going to the house, and David wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
Then Katherine and Samantha were working at the hospital, and Justin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Lindsay and Charles had a lot of fun at the store. Brian gave a drink to Charles
Then Stephen and Benjamin were working at the restaurant, and Amy decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Jacob and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the store. Rebecca gave a snack to Jacob
Then, Travis and Scott went to the restaurant. Sara gave a necklace to Scott
Then, Megan and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rachel gave a computer to Megan
Then, Nicole and Amanda had a lot of fun at the school. Lauren gave a ring to Nicole
While spending time together Dustin and Shannon were working at the office, Nathan gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Erin and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a computer to Jeffrey
Afterwards, Andrea and Stephen went to the garden. William gave a basketball to Stephen
After the lunch Katherine and Stephanie went to the house, and Erin gave a drink to Stephanie
Afterwards, Lindsey and Nicholas went to the garden. Justin gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then, Vanessa and Sean were working at the store. Richard decided to give a snack to Vanessa
Then Lindsay and Charles had a lot of fun at the store, and Brian gave a drink to Charles
After the lunch Jonathan and Laura went to the house, and Kevin gave a kiss to Jonathan
Then Katherine and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Katherine
Then, Bryan and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Bryan
Then Angela and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Angela
Afterwards Elizabeth and Laura went to the hospital, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Robert and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Gregory gave a basketball to Robert
Then, Matthew and Tiffany were thinking about going to the garden. Lisa wanted to give a drink to Matthew
Then Danielle and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office, and Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then Kelly and Emily were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Crystal wanted to give a necklace to Emily
Then Aaron and Richard went to the restaurant, and Dustin gave a drink to Aaron
When soon afterwards Aaron and Jamie got a ring at the office, Stephanie decided to give it to Jamie
Then, Kimberly and Benjamin were thinking about going to the office. Jacob wanted to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Laura and Cody were working at the restaurant. Crystal decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Kyle and Katherine were thinking about going to the office, and Jessica wanted to give a kiss to Kyle
While spending time together Mary and Amy were working at the store, James gave a computer to Amy
Afterwards, David and Alexander went to the restaurant. Jose gave a bone to Alexander
Then Richard and Shannon went to the office, and Bradley gave a bone to Shannon
Then Ryan and Amanda went to the house, and Jesse gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Ashley and Lauren had a long argument and after that Christina said to Ashley
Then in the morning, Samuel and Mark were working at the hospital. Ryan decided to give a basketball to Mark
Then Tyler and Megan went to the garden, and Brittany gave a computer to Tyler
Then Timothy and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Timothy
Afterwards Thomas and Courtney went to the hospital, and Megan gave a basketball to Courtney
Then, Jamie and Samuel went to the garden. James gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Katherine and Erin had a long argument and after that Nicholas said to Katherine
Then, Nicole and Michael were working at the office. Mark decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Jennifer
Then Bradley and Alicia were thinking about going to the hospital, and Sean wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Afterwards Anthony and Bradley went to the office, and Emily gave a necklace to Bradley
After the lunch, Amy and Tyler went to the office. Shannon gave a computer to Amy
Then Samantha and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the school, and Nicole gave a kiss to Samantha
Afterwards Ashley and Thomas went to the school, and Timothy gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Brittany and Sarah went to the hospital. Sara gave a ring to Brittany
After the lunch Sean and Justin went to the hospital, and Rachel gave a necklace to Sean
The local big garden Paul and Megan went to had a computer. Tiffany gave it to Megan
After the lunch Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Amy gave a basketball to Timothy
Afterwards Lisa and Rachel went to the house, and Joshua gave a bone to Lisa
Then Dustin and Megan had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Dustin
Then in the morning, Scott and Nicole had a lot of fun at the hospital. Joseph gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Samantha and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Samantha
Then Michelle and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Michelle
Then, Jeremy and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to Jeremy
Afterwards Mary and Dustin went to the station, and Jason gave a necklace to Mary
Then Daniel and Christina had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Christina
Then James and William had a lot of fun at the school, and Kimberly gave a ring to William
Then Heather and Crystal had a lot of fun at the school, and Bradley gave a bone to Crystal
Then, Amy and Michael went to the store. Mary gave a computer to Amy
Then Jacob and Kyle had a lot of fun at the store, and Benjamin gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Tyler and Richard had a lot of fun at the office. Kimberly gave a bone to Tyler
Then James and Jason had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Jason
Then Travis and Kelly were working at the office, and Brandon decided to give a drink to Kelly
After the lunch Stephanie and Richard went to the restaurant, and Dustin gave a necklace to Richard
Then Andrew and William were thinking about going to the garden, and Ashley wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then Nathan and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrew gave a basketball to Ryan
Then Eric and Jamie went to the school, and Ryan gave a ring to Eric
Then Brian and Heather had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rebecca gave a ring to Brian
Then, Richard and Jeffrey went to the hospital. Michelle gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then Stephanie and Stephen had a lot of fun at the house, and Anthony gave a computer to Stephen
Then Bradley and Matthew were working at the school, and Emily decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Samantha and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Kimberly said to Jonathan
Then Kristen and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office, and Jason wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Afterwards, Kelly and Jennifer went to the hospital. Brittany gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Bradley and Lisa were thinking about going to the school. Amy wanted to give a computer to Bradley
Afterwards Jessica and Robert went to the office, and Jeffrey gave a snack to Robert
After the lunch Megan and Tiffany went to the school, and Brittany gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Charles and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Rachel
Then Lindsey and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the school, and Elizabeth gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Jacob and Timothy were thinking about going to the school, and Paul wanted to give a necklace to Timothy
Then Anthony and Alicia went to the school, and Christina gave a snack to Alicia
Then Robert and James had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to Robert
After the lunch Patrick and Shannon went to the school, and Christina gave a necklace to Shannon
Then in the morning, Steven and Sara went to the restaurant. Adam gave a drink to Sara
Then, Adam and Cody were working at the office. Stephen decided to give a kiss to Cody
After the lunch Paul and Kyle went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Lauren and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Brittany
Then Christopher and Angela were working at the garden, and Melissa decided to give a snack to Christopher
Then Charles and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Charles
Then Nicole and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store, and Crystal wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Thomas and Jacob went to the house. Eric gave a drink to Thomas
Then Alexander and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Alexander
Then Angela and Eric were working at the school, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Angela
After the lunch, Bryan and Andrea went to the garden. Michelle gave a snack to Bryan
Then Katie and Lauren had a lot of fun at the school, and Danielle gave a basketball to Lauren
Then, Andrew and Justin were working at the hospital. Christine decided to give a basketball to Andrew
Then Timothy and Daniel went to the house, and Crystal gave a snack to Timothy
Then Laura and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Laura
Then Stephen and Andrew were working at the house, and Megan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then Megan and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Megan
Then Crystal and Heather had a lot of fun at the school, and Bradley gave a bone to Crystal
Then, Michelle and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital. Samuel gave a computer to Michelle
Then Alicia and Jeffrey were working at the station, and Steven decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Christine and Crystal got a drink at the restaurant, Paul decided to give the drink to Crystal
While spending time together Mark and Kenneth were working at the garden, Katherine gave a computer to Kenneth
Then Amy and Kyle were thinking about going to the school, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to Amy
Then Courtney and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital, and Lindsay wanted to give a necklace to Heather
Then, Andrea and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jesse gave a snack to Alicia
Then John and Allison went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a computer to John
Then, Robert and Alicia had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Robert
Then, Christine and Crystal were thinking about going to the school. Aaron wanted to give a kiss to Christine
After the lunch, Megan and Mary went to the store. Richard gave a bone to Mary
Then, Angela and Anthony were working at the station. Amy decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then Michelle and Bryan were working at the garden, and Lindsay decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then Jose and William had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Jose
Then Kelly and Brian had a lot of fun at the house, and Scott gave a drink to Kelly
Then, David and Ryan had a long argument and after that Kelly said to David
After the lunch, Nicholas and Rachel went to the garden. Katie gave a snack to Nicholas
Then Kyle and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Kyle
While spending time together Amy and Mary were working at the store, Matthew gave a bone to Mary
Then in the morning, Brandon and Melissa had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Tiffany gave a computer to Melissa
After taking a long break Jeremy and Jacob went to the school, Joshua gave a computer to Jacob
Afterwards Samuel and Kyle went to the station, and James gave a snack to Kyle
Then, Tyler and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Laura
Then Christine and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station, and Nicole gave a kiss to Christine
Afterwards, Timothy and Matthew went to the school. Lindsay gave a drink to Matthew
Then in the morning, Brian and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant. Sean wanted to give a drink to Megan
Then in the morning afterwards, Timothy and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Lindsey
Then, Samantha and Rachel had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Samantha
Then Stephen and Joseph had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Stephen
Afterwards, Jessica and Emily went to the station. Kenneth gave a drink to Emily
Then Lindsay and Robert had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sean gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Timothy and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jamie gave a necklace to Timothy
After taking a long break Kevin and Sarah went to the office, Joseph gave a bone to Sarah
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant. Courtney wanted to give a bone to Kelly
Afterwards Eric and Amanda went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Jennifer and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Lindsay
After the lunch Kevin and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a basketball to Nathan
Then Lindsay and James had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to James
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Jose went to the restaurant. Justin gave a necklace to Jose
Then Laura and James were working at the office, and Michael decided to give a computer to Laura
After the lunch, Ashley and Joshua went to the school. Ryan gave a drink to Ashley
Then, Alicia and John were working at the office. Jacob decided to give a bone to John
Then Jesse and Matthew were working at the hospital, and Lindsay decided to give a computer to Jesse
Then Justin and Jonathan were working at the house, and Elizabeth decided to give a ring to Justin
Then Katie and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Katie
Then Amber and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Shannon
Then, Dustin and David were thinking about going to the station. Melissa wanted to give a snack to David
Afterwards Robert and Jessica went to the office, and Jeffrey gave a snack to Robert
Then, Ryan and Laura went to the garden. Anthony gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Thomas and Rebecca were working at the school. Gregory decided to give a necklace to Thomas
Then, Aaron and Courtney went to the office. Jennifer gave a necklace to Courtney
Then, John and Jacob had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Jacob
After the lunch, Nicole and Mark went to the station. Benjamin gave a computer to Nicole
Afterwards Kyle and Samuel went to the station, and James gave a snack to Kyle
Then, Scott and Travis went to the restaurant. Sara gave a necklace to Scott
While spending time together Lisa and Michelle were working at the office, Christopher gave a bone to Michelle
Afterwards, Michael and Kristen went to the store. Benjamin gave a computer to Michael
Then, Michelle and Laura had a long argument and after that Amy said to Michelle
Afterwards Angela and David went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Thomas and Eric went to the school. Sean gave a snack to Eric
Then in the morning, Shannon and Andrea were working at the school. Sean decided to give a kiss to Andrea
Then, Kimberly and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office. Jessica wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Michelle and David were working at the restaurant. Kimberly decided to give a kiss to David
Then Michelle and Benjamin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then, Erica and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Kevin
Then, Steven and Shannon had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Shannon
Then Amanda and Stephanie went to the school, and Erin gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch Rebecca and Katherine went to the school, and Kimberly gave a ring to Katherine
After the lunch, Rachel and Bryan went to the hospital. Angela gave a kiss to Rachel
Afterwards Jeremy and Thomas went to the station, and Melissa gave a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jamie and Sara went to the office. Joshua gave a necklace to Sara
Then William and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Lisa gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Bradley and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Shannon
Then, Charles and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the school. Nicholas gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Kelly and Vanessa went to the garden. Travis gave a kiss to Kelly
Then, Melissa and Matthew were thinking about going to the office. Christina wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then Anthony and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Joseph gave a drink to Stephanie
Then Thomas and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school, and Kimberly gave a snack to Thomas
Afterwards, Nicole and Richard went to the hospital. Travis gave a drink to Richard
Then, Kimberly and Sarah had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Kimberly
Then, Jessica and Bradley went to the office. Erica gave a ring to Jessica
Then Alicia and Amber were working at the store, and Lindsay decided to give a bone to Amber
Then Amber and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Lisa
Then, Thomas and Amber went to the station. Sarah gave a snack to Thomas
Then, Brian and Crystal were working at the garden. Kristen decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Then, Stephanie and Ryan were thinking about going to the house. David wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
After the lunch James and Christina went to the garden, and David gave a drink to Christina
Then Jeffrey and James had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Jeffrey
While spending time together Joshua and Katherine were working at the office, Tyler gave a snack to Katherine
While spending time together Katherine and Jeffrey were working at the store, Andrew gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, Katherine and William had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Katherine
Then Joseph and Megan went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Joseph
After taking a long break Shannon and Jeffrey went to the office, Erica gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Brian and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Brian
After the lunch Amanda and Shannon went to the store, and Jacob gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Brandon and Lisa had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Lisa
Then in the morning, Matthew and Nicholas were thinking about going to the station. Jason wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch Scott and Thomas went to the school, and Bryan gave a basketball to Scott
Then Kristen and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alexander gave a kiss to Kristen
Then Dustin and David were thinking about going to the station, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to David
Then Kyle and Rebecca were working at the office, and Richard decided to give a snack to Kyle
Then, Stephanie and Ryan had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsay gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Tyler and Ryan had a long argument and after that Christine said to Tyler
Afterwards, Gregory and Lindsey went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a necklace to Gregory
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsey and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Kyle
Then Matthew and Ryan were working at the hospital, and William decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Benjamin and Allison had a long argument, and after that Heather said to Benjamin
Then, Stephen and Angela were thinking about going to the office. Christina wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Afterwards, Erin and Paul went to the school. Allison gave a kiss to Paul
Then Stephen and Melissa were working at the hospital, and Jeffrey decided to give a drink to Stephen
While spending time together James and Patrick were working at the station, Lindsay gave a computer to Patrick
Then Stephanie and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Angela
Then, Stephanie and Stephen had a lot of fun at the house. Anthony gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards, Cody and Kenneth went to the station. Dustin gave a bone to Cody
The local big hospital Jeremy and Richard went to had a ring. Kenneth gave it to Richard
Then, Jeffrey and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
Then, Katherine and Gregory went to the station. Lindsay gave a computer to Katherine
Then Adam and Katie were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then, Richard and Joseph went to the office. Kimberly gave a necklace to Richard
Then Dustin and Erin had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Dustin
Then Jacob and Heather were working at the office, and Michael decided to give a ring to Heather
Then, Joseph and Kevin went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Joseph
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Christina
Then, Vanessa and Katherine were working at the office. Jesse decided to give a ring to Katherine
After taking a long break Anthony and Crystal went to the garden, Jessica gave a bone to Crystal
Then, Charles and Lauren had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Charles
Then, William and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Brian and Jamie went to the restaurant, and Sarah gave a bone to Brian
Then, Angela and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Nicole
Then, Jason and Timothy were thinking about going to the station. Adam wanted to give a computer to Jason
The local big restaurant Jeffrey and Melissa went to had a bone. Elizabeth gave it to Melissa
Then, Paul and Adam went to the station. Sara gave a kiss to Paul
Then Stephen and Erin were thinking about going to the store, and Katie wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Afterwards, Christina and Crystal went to the house. Jamie gave a kiss to Christina
Then, Amanda and Jason had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Jason
Then Danielle and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Danielle
Afterwards Jason and Anthony went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a necklace to Anthony
Then, Jeffrey and William went to the school. Christina gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Emily and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Steven
Then Brian and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Brian
Then, Erin and Charles had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Charles
Afterwards Melissa and Sara went to the school, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant, and Brian gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Dustin and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Dustin
Then Laura and Ryan went to the garden, and Anthony gave a bone to Ryan
Then in the morning, Amanda and Stephanie were working at the school. Sara decided to give a snack to Stephanie
Then, Emily and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital. Anthony gave a bone to Emily
Then James and Robert had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to Robert
Then in the morning, Jessica and Vanessa were working at the school. Brandon decided to give a computer to Vanessa
Then Adam and Jessica were working at the school, and Daniel decided to give a bone to Adam
Then, Erica and Tyler were thinking about going to the store. Emily wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then John and Amber had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to John
Afterwards Benjamin and Katie went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a computer to Katie
Then, Kimberly and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Kimberly
After the lunch Amber and Rachel went to the garden, and John gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Cody and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Megan said to Cody
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Alicia
Then, Joseph and Ashley were thinking about going to the house. Amber wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
The local big house Jamie and Kimberly went to had a kiss. Brian gave it to Kimberly
Then, Jason and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Jason
Afterwards Thomas and Christopher went to the hospital, and Amy gave a basketball to Christopher
Then Christine and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Benjamin
Then Christopher and Charles were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then, Matthew and Ryan were working at the hospital. William decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Jeffrey and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
Then Andrea and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Vanessa
The local big school Kristen and Anthony went to had a basketball. Jeremy gave it to Anthony
Then Daniel and Justin had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Daniel
Then Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Justin and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Justin
After the lunch Kevin and Benjamin went to the station, and James gave a basketball to Kevin
Then Amber and Amy had a lot of fun at the office, and Mark gave a bone to Amber
Afterwards, Jason and Stephen went to the garden. Aaron gave a basketball to Stephen
Then Erin and Stephen were thinking about going to the store, and Katie wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
After the lunch Ashley and Joshua went to the school, and Ryan gave a drink to Ashley
Then Travis and Jacob were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Brandon wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then Paul and Steven had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Paul
Afterwards Mark and Charles went to the store, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Mark
Then Christine and Mark went to the store, and Jonathan gave a computer to Christine
Afterwards, Jason and Anthony went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a necklace to Anthony
Afterwards Tiffany and Samuel went to the store, and Jessica gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Travis and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Travis
Then in the morning afterwards, Jesse and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Melissa
After the lunch Mark and Nicole went to the station, and Benjamin gave a computer to Nicole
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Samantha and James had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to James
Afterwards Samuel and Rebecca went to the garden, and Scott gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Erin and Katherine had a long argument and after that Nicholas said to Katherine
Afterwards Travis and Rebecca went to the office, and Justin gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Ashley and Sean went to the garden, and Erin gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Amy and Kristen were working at the house. Jennifer decided to give a computer to Amy
Then, Alicia and James had a long argument and after that Kristen said to James
After the lunch, Ashley and Vanessa went to the school. Dustin gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Nathan and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Nathan
After the lunch Charles and Nicole went to the school, and Elizabeth gave a necklace to Charles
Then, James and Erin went to the house. Samantha gave a snack to James
After the lunch, Patrick and Shannon went to the school. Christina gave a necklace to Shannon
Then David and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to David
Then in the morning, Stephanie and Michelle were working at the hospital. Steven decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then, Travis and Matthew had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Travis
While spending time together Richard and Stephanie were commuting to the garden, Kenneth gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Vanessa and Anthony had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Anthony
Then Bryan and Jeffrey were working at the school, and Kevin decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Steven and Kyle had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Steven
Then Alexander and Sarah had a lot of fun at the garden, and Emily gave a drink to Sarah
Then Lisa and John went to the restaurant, and Kristen gave a bone to Lisa
Then Ryan and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Justin
Then Christopher and Travis had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Christopher
Then Patrick and Justin were thinking about going to the garden, and Travis wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Timothy and Anthony were working at the restaurant. Matthew decided to give a ring to Timothy
Then, Jamie and Katherine had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Jamie
Friends separated at birth Jesse and Jessica found a basketball at the house. Eric gave it to Jessica
After the lunch Christine and Heather went to the store, and Kristen gave a ring to Heather
Then, Eric and Tyler had a long argument and after that Patrick said to Eric
Then, Matthew and Daniel went to the office. Brian gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Erica and Crystal had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brittany gave a ring to Erica
After the lunch Thomas and Travis went to the school, and Amber gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards, Allison and Stephanie went to the hospital. Mary gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Laura and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jacob gave a ring to Laura
When soon afterwards Steven and Bryan got a basketball at the school, Jacob decided to give it to Bryan
Then Erica and Matthew went to the garden, and Eric gave a computer to Erica
Then Shannon and Steven had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Shannon
Then Katie and Melissa were thinking about going to the house, and Adam wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then Daniel and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch Sara and Sean went to the station, and Rebecca gave a necklace to Sara
Then Kelly and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Bryan
After the lunch, Amanda and Shannon went to the store. Jacob gave a drink to Amanda
Then Dustin and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Dustin
Then Rebecca and Brian had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Rebecca
Afterwards Angela and John went to the station, and Brittany gave a ring to Angela
Then, Melissa and Brandon had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brian gave a computer to Melissa
After the lunch Nicole and Charles went to the school, and Elizabeth gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Matthew and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Christina wanted to give a snack to Melissa
While spending time together Jeremy and Eric were working at the office, Joshua gave a ring to Eric
Then, Jamie and Katie went to the store. Kenneth gave a snack to Katie
Afterwards David and Courtney went to the hospital, and Samantha gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Crystal and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brittany gave a ring to Erica
Then Jamie and Samuel went to the garden, and James gave a bone to Jamie
Then Bradley and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Kelly
Then Robert and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Robert
After the lunch in the afternoon, Alicia and Charles went to the station. Jason gave a kiss to Charles
Then, Amber and David were working at the school. Mark decided to give a basketball to David
Then in the morning, Allison and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the hospital. John gave a necklace to Benjamin
Then William and Sarah went to the garden, and Elizabeth gave a drink to Sarah
Then Tyler and Nathan went to the station, and Andrew gave a drink to Nathan
Then Tyler and Richard had a lot of fun at the office, and Kimberly gave a bone to Tyler
Then, Brandon and Angela were working at the school. Amber decided to give a basketball to Brandon
Then Angela and Gregory were working at the station, and Katherine decided to give a ring to Angela
When soon afterwards James and Aaron got a drink at the restaurant, Stephanie decided to give it to Aaron
Afterwards, Joseph and Sara went to the office. James gave a basketball to Sara
Then Dustin and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Dustin
Then Benjamin and James were working at the office, and Brandon decided to give a drink to Benjamin
While spending time together Sean and Dustin were commuting to the hospital, Andrew gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Megan and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Megan
Afterwards Stephen and Richard went to the school, and Gregory gave a bone to Richard
Afterwards Thomas and Angela went to the station, and Benjamin gave a snack to Angela
Then, Jason and Amanda had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Jason
Then Jamie and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Jamie
Then Nicole and Michelle went to the store, and Michael gave a ring to Michelle
Afterwards Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office, and Michael gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards Angela and Sarah went to the office, and Lisa gave a drink to Angela
Then, Timothy and Kevin went to the hospital. William gave a necklace to Kevin
Then, Anthony and Andrea were thinking about going to the restaurant. Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
Then Brandon and Allison went to the school, and Nicholas gave a necklace to Brandon
After the lunch, Lindsey and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Lindsey
Afterwards, Mark and Shannon went to the hospital. Jason gave a kiss to Shannon
Afterwards Travis and Benjamin went to the station, and Megan gave a ring to Travis
Then, Scott and Joseph went to the hospital. Matthew gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Shannon and Lauren went to the store. Matthew gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Nicole and Christina had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Nicole
Then, Kelly and Megan had a long argument and after that Jason said to Megan
When soon afterwards Sara and Michelle got a computer at the garden, Laura decided to give the computer to Michelle
Then Heather and Jonathan went to the store, and Crystal gave a ring to Jonathan
Then David and Paul had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to David
Then, Kenneth and Charles had a lot of fun at the school. Nicholas gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Ashley and Brian were thinking about going to the house. Joshua wanted to give a bone to Ashley
Then in the morning, Ryan and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Tyler
After the lunch, Courtney and Heather went to the garden. Katie gave a drink to Heather
Afterwards Tyler and Lindsey went to the hospital, and Joshua gave a necklace to Tyler
Then, Sarah and Courtney were thinking about going to the office. Ryan wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Brittany and Erin had a lot of fun at the school, and Sarah gave a ring to Erin
Then Michael and Tiffany were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Lauren wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
Then Aaron and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Aaron
Then Elizabeth and Jesse were thinking about going to the station, and Bryan wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then, William and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to William
Afterwards, Justin and Cody went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to Cody
Then, Nathan and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden. Lisa gave a necklace to Nathan
Then Erin and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and Sarah gave a ring to Erin
Then Robert and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Gregory gave a basketball to Robert
Then, Richard and Daniel were thinking about going to the school. Jason wanted to give a kiss to Richard
After taking a long break Sarah and Stephanie went to the hospital, Christina gave a kiss to Stephanie
The local big garden Ashley and Erin went to had a computer. Andrew gave it to Erin
After the lunch Amanda and Ryan went to the restaurant, and Alexander gave a bone to Ryan
Then Christine and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Joseph
Then Travis and Megan were working at the school, and Christina decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then Elizabeth and John were working at the house, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then, Aaron and Angela went to the garden. Christina gave a computer to Aaron
Afterwards, Kyle and Matthew went to the hospital. Eric gave a bone to Kyle
Then Christine and Kevin were working at the store, and Steven decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Jonathan
Then Samuel and Paul were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, James and Benjamin went to the station. William gave a ring to James
Then William and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to William
When soon afterwards Andrea and William got a kiss at the station, Michael decided to give it to William
Then in the morning, Kyle and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Steven
Then in the morning, Paul and Brittany went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Brittany
Afterwards, Charles and Danielle went to the station. Bradley gave a basketball to Danielle
Then in the morning, Ashley and Brandon were working at the store. Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Brandon
Then, Ryan and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Justin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Steven and Lauren went to the house. Anthony gave a ring to Lauren
Then Melissa and Robert were thinking about going to the store, and Scott wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then Jacob and Eric had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Jacob
Then Jeremy and Brian were working at the house, and Jennifer decided to give a snack to Brian
After the lunch, Patrick and Anthony went to the store. Crystal gave a computer to Anthony
Afterwards, Elizabeth and Laura went to the hospital. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Bryan and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Erica gave a ring to Bryan
Afterwards, Paul and Amy went to the garden. Anthony gave a snack to Amy
The local big school David and Michael went to had a ring. Lindsey gave it to Michael
Then, Justin and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Steven gave a computer to Vanessa
Then Alexander and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school, and Crystal gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then, Nathan and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the office. Gregory gave a bone to Nathan
Then Mark and Amanda were working at the garden, and Tyler decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then, Andrew and Samantha had a lot of fun at the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Andrew
Afterwards Paul and Rebecca went to the store, and Danielle gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Tyler and Matthew had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jonathan gave a bone to Tyler
Then in the morning, Angela and Vanessa were working at the hospital. Christopher decided to give a drink to Vanessa
Then Amy and Kelly were working at the station, and Paul decided to give a computer to Amy
Then Bryan and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Bryan
Afterwards Kelly and Kimberly went to the store, and Brandon gave a kiss to Kelly
Afterwards, Laura and Elizabeth went to the hospital. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards Danielle and Charles went to the station, and Bradley gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Elizabeth and Katie had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Elizabeth
Then Danielle and Adam had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Danielle
Then, Jessica and Paul were working at the school. Sara decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Rebecca and Katherine were working at the restaurant. Aaron decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then, Charles and Jason had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Charles
Then, Melissa and Kenneth had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Kenneth
When soon afterwards Erica and Brian got a bone at the station, Alicia decided to give it to Brian
Then Kimberly and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Kimberly
Afterwards Richard and Nicole went to the hospital, and Travis gave a drink to Richard
Then, Alexander and James had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to James
Then Elizabeth and Patrick were working at the store, and Michael decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Patrick and Courtney were working at the hospital, and Scott decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then Amy and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Patrick
Then Ryan and Daniel were working at the station, and Lindsay decided to give a basketball to Ryan
Then, Anthony and Jose were thinking about going to the restaurant. Cody wanted to give a bone to Anthony
Then in the morning, Amy and Lauren went to the house. Nathan gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Vanessa and Erin had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Erin
Then Danielle and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Tyler
After the lunch, Michael and Rachel went to the garden. Eric gave a snack to Michael
Then Dustin and Joseph were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amy wanted to give a snack to Joseph
Then, Bradley and Jeremy were working at the office. Jason decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then Daniel and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Daniel
Then, Vanessa and Shannon were thinking about going to the house. Amber wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Samantha and Elizabeth were working at the store, and Matthew decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Charles and Brandon went to the store. Robert gave a necklace to Brandon
Then Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital, and Andrew gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, David and Rachel were working at the store. Lisa decided to give a computer to David
Then, Lauren and Nicole were working at the station. Michelle decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then, Mary and Travis were working at the store. Ryan decided to give a snack to Mary
While spending time together Jonathan and Sarah were commuting to the office, Lisa gave a bone to Sarah
Then Nathan and Joshua were thinking about going to the garden, and Ryan wanted to give a snack to Nathan
Then Erin and Aaron had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Aaron
Then Nathan and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Bryan and Jennifer went to the garden. Jonathan gave a computer to Jennifer
Afterwards, Vanessa and Kyle went to the house. Stephen gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Paul and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jamie gave a drink to Paul
After the lunch, Heather and Brandon went to the house. Michelle gave a necklace to Heather
After the lunch, Richard and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a necklace to Richard
Then Melissa and Justin were thinking about going to the store, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Melissa
Then Elizabeth and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Jonathan
Then Matthew and Tyler were working at the office, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Tyler
Then Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Jonathan
Then Amanda and Michael were working at the office, and Erica decided to give a kiss to Amanda
Then Lauren and Nicole were working at the station, and Michelle decided to give a computer to Lauren
Then Kevin and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rachel gave a bone to Kevin
Then Bryan and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Joseph
After the lunch Courtney and Heather went to the garden, and Katie gave a drink to Heather
Then Brittany and Matthew went to the station, and Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Jason went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a snack to Jason
Then, Stephen and Erin were thinking about going to the store. Katie wanted to give a kiss to Stephen
Then, Stephanie and Gregory were working at the store. Adam decided to give a drink to Stephanie
Then in the morning afterwards, Samantha and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Allison said to Brian
Then, Melissa and Jason were thinking about going to the office. Gregory wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then, Christopher and Angela were working at the garden. Melissa decided to give a snack to Christopher
Then in the morning, Jesse and Jeffrey went to the store. Samuel gave a computer to Jeffrey
After the lunch Joseph and Nathan went to the store, and Amanda gave a ring to Nathan
Then Stephen and Samantha had a lot of fun at the garden, and Allison gave a computer to Stephen
After the lunch, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the store. Thomas gave a drink to Benjamin
Then, Amy and Kyle were thinking about going to the school. Melissa wanted to give a snack to Amy
Then, Christine and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Joseph
Then, Kelly and Richard had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Kelly
Afterwards Nicole and Samuel went to the office, and Joseph gave a ring to Nicole
Then Angela and Stephen were thinking about going to the office, and Christina wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Then, Kelly and Lindsay went to the school. Elizabeth gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Stephen and Anthony went to the hospital, and John gave a bone to Anthony
Then Richard and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office, and Kimberly gave a bone to Tyler
Then Bradley and Jennifer were working at the hospital, and Andrew decided to give a basketball to Bradley
Then, Stephanie and Danielle went to the station. Jonathan gave a snack to Stephanie
Then Adam and Samantha were working at the garden, and Nathan decided to give a ring to Samantha
After the lunch Patrick and Richard went to the house, and Jose gave a necklace to Patrick
Then, Shannon and John had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Shannon
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Mark went to the garden. Jessica gave a ring to Mark
Then, Angela and Jesse were thinking about going to the school. Mark wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then, Jeremy and Nicole had a long argument and after that Charles said to Nicole
Then Ashley and Samantha had a lot of fun at the garden, and Tiffany gave a ring to Samantha
Then Laura and Michelle were thinking about going to the store, and Kristen wanted to give a drink to Laura
Then Joshua and Kenneth went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Kenneth
Afterwards Jeffrey and Jesse went to the restaurant, and Brian gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Stephen and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Amber
Afterwards Jeffrey and David went to the station, and Samantha gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Travis and Paul went to the restaurant, and Emily gave a necklace to Travis
Then, William and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to William
Then Tiffany and Bradley went to the garden, and Mary gave a snack to Tiffany
Then, Andrea and Kyle had a lot of fun at the station. Jennifer gave a basketball to Andrea
Then, Christine and Kevin were working at the store. Steven decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Then Jonathan and Justin were working at the house, and Elizabeth decided to give a ring to Justin
Then Stephen and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Stephen
Then Scott and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Scott
Afterwards Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden, and Michael gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Kenneth and Melissa had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Kenneth
While spending time together Amber and Melissa were working at the school, Brandon gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Vanessa and Justin had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Justin
Afterwards, Sarah and Angela went to the office. Lisa gave a drink to Angela
Then Joshua and Nathan were thinking about going to the garden, and Ryan wanted to give a snack to Nathan
The local big office David and Justin went to had a snack. Cody gave it to Justin
After the lunch Alexander and Crystal went to the restaurant, and Courtney gave a basketball to Alexander
Then Sarah and Nicholas were working at the office, and Courtney decided to give a necklace to Sarah
While spending time together Vanessa and Kelly were working at the garden, Emily gave a basketball to Kelly
Then Jamie and Richard were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Amy wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then Kevin and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Kevin
Then, Steven and Sara were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Then Richard and Anthony were working at the school, and Tiffany decided to give a ring to Anthony
Afterwards, Samuel and Rebecca went to the garden. Scott gave a drink to Rebecca
Then, Jamie and Michael had a lot of fun at the office. Sara gave a ring to Jamie
Afterwards, Jamie and Angela went to the office. Kristen gave a drink to Jamie
Then Amber and Alicia were working at the store, and Lindsay decided to give a bone to Amber
Then, Mark and Eric were thinking about going to the school. John wanted to give a basketball to Mark
While spending time together Samuel and Joshua were commuting to the office, Jonathan gave a basketball to Joshua
Afterwards Sarah and Crystal went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Sarah
Then, Thomas and Lindsey were thinking about going to the garden. Megan wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Samantha and Christina had a lot of fun at the store, and Crystal gave a computer to Samantha
Then Shannon and Michael went to the store, and Timothy gave a basketball to Shannon
Then, Jason and Amanda went to the school. Erica gave a computer to Jason
Then, Paul and Jamie had a long argument and after that Nicholas said to Jamie
Afterwards, Christopher and Tiffany went to the station. Jose gave a basketball to Christopher
Then Robert and William had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to William
Then Sean and Paul had a lot of fun at the office, and Eric gave a snack to Sean
Then Jessica and James had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Jessica
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Katherine were working at the hospital. Brian decided to give a ring to Katherine
Then, Amanda and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
Then Bryan and Lisa were working at the restaurant, and Jacob decided to give a computer to Bryan
Afterwards, Jonathan and Robert went to the house. Stephanie gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Michelle and Bryan were working at the garden. Lindsay decided to give a bone to Bryan
Then Steven and Sara were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Steven
After the lunch Kristen and Christina went to the house, and John gave a kiss to Kristen
Then, Vanessa and Jeremy had a long argument and after that David said to Vanessa
After the lunch, Jennifer and Lindsey went to the station. Lauren gave a basketball to Lindsey
When soon afterwards Kenneth and Tiffany got a bone at the restaurant, Brian decided to give the bone to Tiffany
After the lunch, John and Melissa went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Alicia and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Alicia
Then James and Erin went to the house, and Samantha gave a snack to James
Then in the morning, Stephen and James had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to James
After the lunch Kenneth and Nicole went to the station, and Steven gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Robert and Lindsay went to the store, and Sara gave a computer to Lindsay
Then Thomas and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Thomas
After the lunch, Heather and Christine went to the store. Kristen gave a ring to Heather
Then Kelly and Lisa went to the garden, and Jose gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Kenneth and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Michelle gave a kiss to Kenneth
Then Jamie and Mary had a long argument, and after that Courtney said to Mary
Then in the morning, Allison and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital. Christopher gave a computer to Erica
Then, Christopher and Charles were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then, Sarah and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Sarah
Then, Stephen and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Courtney
Then, Angela and Adam were working at the store. John decided to give a bone to Angela
After the lunch Amanda and Alicia went to the school, and Vanessa gave a snack to Amanda
Then, Lisa and Brandon had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Lisa
After the lunch, Rachel and Stephanie went to the garden. Sara gave a ring to Stephanie
Afterwards Benjamin and Jennifer went to the school, and Adam gave a bone to Jennifer
After the lunch, Jamie and Shannon went to the house. Lindsay gave a computer to Jamie
After taking a long break Jessica and Anthony went to the store, Andrea gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Katherine and Jeremy were thinking about going to the hospital. Adam wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then, Sean and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Sean
Then, Stephen and Andrew were working at the house. Megan decided to give a computer to Andrew
While spending time together Angela and Travis were working at the garden, Crystal gave a basketball to Travis
Then, Mary and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Mary
Then Timothy and Anthony were working at the restaurant, and Matthew decided to give a ring to Timothy
After the lunch, Patrick and Timothy went to the hospital. Amy gave a basketball to Timothy
Then Kevin and Sara went to the station, and Brittany gave a bone to Sara
After the lunch Katherine and David went to the school, and Angela gave a snack to David
Afterwards, Courtney and David went to the hospital. Samantha gave a snack to Courtney
When soon afterwards Dustin and Jonathan got a kiss at the house, Lindsay decided to give the kiss to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Erica went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to Erica
Then in the morning, Thomas and Nicole went to the station. Lauren gave a computer to Nicole
Then Kelly and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Kelly
While spending time together Andrew and Eric were working at the garden, Benjamin gave a snack to Eric
Then, Jonathan and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden. Allison gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Michael and Sean had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rachel gave a kiss to Michael
Then, Anthony and Alicia went to the school. Christina gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Jeremy and John had a lot of fun at the office. James gave a basketball to John
Then William and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Jose
Then Ryan and Michelle went to the office, and Lindsey gave a drink to Ryan
After the lunch, Joseph and Ashley went to the station. Brandon gave a snack to Joseph
After the lunch Katherine and Melissa went to the house, and Stephen gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch, Crystal and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Christina gave a ring to Crystal
After the lunch Kenneth and Lauren went to the school, and Timothy gave a computer to Lauren
Then in the morning, Nathan and Daniel were working at the store. Gregory decided to give a necklace to Daniel
Then, Joseph and Dustin were thinking about going to the hospital. Amy wanted to give a snack to Joseph
While spending time together Angela and Kenneth were commuting to the hospital, Justin gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Eric and Aaron had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michael gave a computer to Eric
Then Brittany and Brian were thinking about going to the store, and Shannon wanted to give a kiss to Brittany
Then Charles and Sarah were working at the garden, and Cody decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then, Stephen and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Stephen
Then, Cody and Laura went to the store. Adam gave a drink to Laura
Then Angela and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Brittany
Then Gregory and Amber were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Amber
Afterwards Brandon and William went to the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Brandon
After the lunch, Lindsey and Jennifer went to the station. Lauren gave a basketball to Lindsey
After the lunch, Megan and Christina went to the office. Kristen gave a drink to Megan
Then, Bryan and Christine had a long argument and after that Allison said to Christine
Then Charles and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Charles
Then, Katherine and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Rebecca
Then, Andrea and Amanda had a lot of fun at the office. Brian gave a ring to Amanda
Then, Anthony and Tyler had a lot of fun at the school. Brian gave a ring to Anthony
Afterwards, Amanda and Rebecca went to the hospital. Kevin gave a computer to Amanda
Then Benjamin and Stephen were working at the restaurant, and Amy decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Cody and Adam were working at the office. Stephen decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then Jonathan and Matthew were working at the restaurant, and Jacob decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Then, Jonathan and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Jonathan
Then Lisa and Michael went to the school, and Tiffany gave a drink to Lisa
Then, Kevin and Jeremy went to the house. Heather gave a necklace to Jeremy
Friends separated at birth James and Katie found a bone at the store. Sara gave it to Katie
Then Michelle and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Stephanie
After the lunch, Lindsay and Scott went to the school. Ashley gave a ring to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Scott had a lot of fun at the school. Mary gave a kiss to Scott
Then, Mary and Bryan went to the hospital. Shannon gave a necklace to Bryan
Then Crystal and Danielle were working at the hospital, and Jamie decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Brandon and Kelly went to the school, and Eric gave a ring to Kelly
Then, Thomas and Tyler were thinking about going to the hospital. Andrew wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Afterwards, Matthew and Elizabeth went to the school. Bradley gave a necklace to Matthew
Then in the morning, Michael and Christina were thinking about going to the office. Erica wanted to give a drink to Christina
After the lunch, Amy and John went to the store. Joshua gave a snack to John
Then, Sara and Melissa went to the office. Tyler gave a necklace to Sara
Then, Angela and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a computer to Angela
Afterwards, Samantha and Steven went to the office. Charles gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Courtney and Sarah were thinking about going to the office, and Ryan wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Friends separated at birth Sara and Jonathan found a computer at the school. Andrea gave it to Jonathan
Afterwards, Travis and Gregory went to the house. Lauren gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Ashley and Kelly had a lot of fun at the house. Kenneth gave a snack to Ashley
Then Kenneth and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Kenneth
Afterwards, Christopher and Thomas went to the hospital. Amy gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Joseph and Matthew were thinking about going to the garden. Lisa wanted to give a necklace to Matthew
After taking a long break Amanda and Brian went to the school, Lindsey gave a basketball to Brian
Then Kenneth and Christina had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Kenneth
Then Kelly and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Kelly
Then Adam and Richard were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a snack to Adam
Then Mary and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Mary
After taking a long break Stephen and Joseph went to the school, Kelly gave a basketball to Joseph
Then Katherine and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Rebecca
Then, Samuel and Richard had a lot of fun at the school. Daniel gave a kiss to Samuel
The local big restaurant Stephen and Scott went to had a basketball. Lindsay gave it to Scott
Then Stephen and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and David gave a basketball to Stephen
After the lunch Courtney and Mark went to the garden, and Timothy gave a computer to Courtney
Then, Jeffrey and Matthew were thinking about going to the station. Amy wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Afterwards Robert and Jonathan went to the house, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Jonathan
Afterwards, while spending time together Jessica and Thomas went to the store. Megan gave a computer to Thomas
Then, Elizabeth and Stephen were working at the hospital. Sara decided to give a basketball to Elizabeth
Then Jesse and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to Nicole
The local big store Bradley and Nathan went to had a kiss. Christina gave it to Nathan
Afterwards Kyle and Jonathan went to the office, and Eric gave a snack to Kyle
After the lunch, Patrick and Ashley went to the house. Jamie gave a snack to Patrick
Then David and Amber were thinking about going to the school, and Stephanie wanted to give a bone to David
Then, Amber and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Amber
Then, Eric and Joshua had a lot of fun at the store. Angela gave a drink to Eric
Then, John and Timothy had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jamie gave a necklace to Timothy
Then Jonathan and Mark were thinking about going to the office, and Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Jonathan
Then Christine and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Rebecca gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Jonathan and Bryan were thinking about going to the garden. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then Katie and Joseph had a lot of fun at the station, and Jesse gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Katherine and Samantha went to the office. Jeffrey gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Christopher and Alexander had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Christopher
Then Jeffrey and Matthew were thinking about going to the station, and Amy wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then, Kelly and Scott had a lot of fun at the station. Vanessa gave a drink to Kelly
After the lunch Steven and Travis went to the hospital, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Travis
Then Kristen and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Courtney said to Stephen
Then Kelly and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Amber
Then Elizabeth and Nathan were working at the station, and Laura decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
After taking a long break Christine and Heather went to the store, Jose gave a ring to Heather
Then, Kelly and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Amber
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephen and Tiffany went to the station. Travis gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Tyler and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the house. Ashley gave a computer to Tiffany
Then Adam and Kevin had a lot of fun at the school, and Nicholas gave a necklace to Adam
Friends separated at birth Angela and Scott found a ring at the restaurant. Sean gave it to Scott
Then Stephen and Alexander were working at the school, and Charles decided to give a ring to Stephen
Then, Bryan and Kelly had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Bryan
After the lunch, Joseph and Kelly went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Angela and Katie went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a computer to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, Timothy and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Alicia
Then Alexander and Lisa were thinking about going to the store, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Alexander
After the lunch Christina and Sean went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a bone to Christina
Then Jennifer and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Melissa
Then James and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to James
Then, Kimberly and Erica had a lot of fun at the house. Lisa gave a ring to Erica
Then Heather and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Jose
Afterwards, Eric and Jamie went to the hospital. Matthew gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Nathan and Mark were working at the station, and Amanda decided to give a bone to Nathan
Then Sean and Lisa had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brittany gave a drink to Sean
Then, Christina and Nicole had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Nicole
Then Vanessa and Andrew had a lot of fun at the garden, and Mark gave a kiss to Andrew
Then, Paul and Christine were working at the store. Jason decided to give a ring to Paul
After the lunch Nicholas and Christina went to the station, and Patrick gave a basketball to Christina
Then Courtney and Christina had a lot of fun at the office, and Patrick gave a necklace to Courtney
Then, Kyle and Ryan had a long argument and after that Katie said to Kyle
Then Laura and Emily had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrew gave a computer to Emily
While spending time together Tiffany and Laura were working at the office, Jessica gave a basketball to Laura
Then, Andrew and Jesse had a long argument and after that Megan said to Andrew
Then, Matthew and Joseph were working at the hospital. Nathan decided to give a computer to Matthew
Then Mary and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Mary
Friends separated at birth Samuel and Jacob found a ring at the store. Richard gave it to Jacob
Afterwards Jennifer and Shannon went to the garden, and Jose gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then in the morning, James and Jason had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Joshua gave a snack to Jason
Then, Jacob and John had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Jacob
Then Kyle and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Kyle
While spending time together Lisa and Joshua were commuting to the garden, Adam gave a necklace to Joshua
Afterwards Michael and Joshua went to the station, and Justin gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Angela and Steven had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Angela
Then Gregory and Andrew went to the house, and Sean gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Jennifer and Tyler were thinking about going to the office, and Travis wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Then Mary and Bryan went to the hospital, and Shannon gave a necklace to Bryan
After taking a long break Shannon and Amanda went to the store, Courtney gave a drink to Amanda
While spending time together Amanda and Vanessa were commuting to the restaurant, Jose gave a drink to Vanessa
Then in the morning, David and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Jamie
After the lunch Travis and Justin went to the restaurant, and Jose gave a kiss to Travis
The local big house Paul and Jonathan went to had a drink. Joseph gave it to Jonathan
Then Jacob and Adam went to the hospital, and Vanessa gave a ring to Adam
Then David and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to David
Afterwards Tyler and Jacob went to the station, and Paul gave a basketball to Tyler
Then, Lisa and Alexander were thinking about going to the store. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Alexander
Then, Angela and Gregory were working at the station. Katherine decided to give a ring to Angela
The local big school Kenneth and Jacob went to had a necklace. Joshua gave it to Jacob
Afterwards, Nicole and Paul went to the house. Jonathan gave a kiss to Paul
Then Matthew and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Jesse
Then, Lindsay and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Lindsay
Then Erica and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Benjamin
Then Kyle and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Lauren
Then Kyle and Lisa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alexander gave a drink to Lisa
After the lunch Jonathan and Emily went to the school, and Amber gave a ring to Jonathan
While spending time together Vanessa and Lindsey were commuting to the restaurant, Elizabeth gave a computer to Lindsey
Then, Thomas and Kelly went to the station. Joseph gave a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch Ryan and Amy went to the station, and Jeremy gave a snack to Ryan
Then in the morning, Emily and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Matthew
After the lunch, Jessica and Rebecca went to the store. Courtney gave a basketball to Rebecca
After the lunch, Thomas and Travis went to the school. Amber gave a kiss to Thomas
The local big office Lauren and Crystal went to had a necklace. Jennifer gave it to Crystal
After taking a long break Lisa and Jeremy went to the office, Bryan gave a bone to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Bradley and Bryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Christine gave a basketball to Bryan
Then Bradley and Michelle were working at the hospital, and Robert decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Kimberly and Erica had a lot of fun at the house, and Lisa gave a ring to Erica
Then, Benjamin and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Benjamin
Then, Heather and Crystal had a lot of fun at the school. Bradley gave a bone to Crystal
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and Robert went to the school. Cody gave a computer to Robert
Then, Jesse and Angela were thinking about going to the station. Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Afterwards, Kyle and Vanessa went to the house. Stephen gave a kiss to Vanessa
Afterwards, Angela and Patrick went to the house. Melissa gave a computer to Angela
Then, Jeremy and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Christina said to Jeffrey
Then Kelly and Angela were working at the garden, and Daniel decided to give a drink to Angela
Then, Courtney and Crystal had a long argument and after that Scott said to Courtney
Then Jeremy and Bradley were working at the office, and Jason decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then Danielle and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Danielle
Then in the morning afterwards, Melissa and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Scott said to Ashley
Then, Brandon and Gregory had a long argument and after that James said to Gregory
Then Alicia and Bradley were thinking about going to the hospital, and Sean wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then in the morning afterwards, Rebecca and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Michelle
Then Nicole and Megan went to the hospital, and Cody gave a bone to Nicole
Then, Anthony and Shannon had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Anthony
Then, Eric and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Matthew gave a ring to Eric
Then, Justin and Gregory were working at the school. William decided to give a necklace to Gregory
While spending time together Kimberly and Matthew were working at the school, Jason gave a bone to Matthew
Then Alicia and Justin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Erin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning afterwards, Shannon and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Brittany
Then Bryan and Nicole had a lot of fun at the garden, and Samantha gave a computer to Bryan
Then, Lauren and Shannon had a lot of fun at the office. Brittany gave a basketball to Lauren
Then Lauren and Nicole were thinking about going to the store, and Amber wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Then, Vanessa and Kelly went to the garden. Travis gave a kiss to Kelly
Then Megan and Michael were working at the school, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Michael
The local big station Cody and Benjamin went to had a basketball. Katherine gave it to Benjamin
Then, Lisa and Joseph had a long argument and after that Sara said to Joseph
Then Jennifer and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Jennifer
Then Andrew and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Andrew
Then, Christine and Bryan had a long argument and after that Allison said to Christine
Then in the morning, Michelle and Bryan had a lot of fun at the school. Amber gave a drink to Bryan
After the lunch Heather and Brandon went to the house, and Michelle gave a necklace to Heather
Then, Jason and William had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Jason
Then, Elizabeth and Andrea were working at the garden. Laura decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Then Mary and Kimberly had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Kimberly
Then Richard and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Richard
Then Mary and Jacob went to the restaurant, and Heather gave a snack to Mary
After the lunch, Lindsay and William went to the station. Andrew gave a drink to Lindsay
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Paul got a ring at the restaurant, Megan decided to give it to Paul
When soon afterwards Mary and Kenneth got a necklace at the school, Emily decided to give the necklace to Kenneth
Then, Sarah and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Kelly
Then Jesse and Emily went to the school, and Cody gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Elizabeth and Samantha were working at the store, and Matthew decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Steven and Alicia went to the office, and Jose gave a basketball to Steven
Then in the morning, Lisa and Patrick went to the school. Christina gave a ring to Patrick
Then, Jessica and Matthew were thinking about going to the office. Amanda wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Afterwards Sara and Matthew went to the station, and Brian gave a kiss to Sara
Then, Lindsey and Courtney were thinking about going to the school. Benjamin wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Friends separated at birth Jose and Dustin found a basketball at the house. Courtney gave it to Dustin
Then, Dustin and Bryan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Bryan
Then, Eric and Christina went to the house. James gave a ring to Eric
Then, Kelly and Travis were working at the office. Brandon decided to give a drink to Kelly
Then in the morning, Christine and Christopher went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a snack to Christopher
Then, Nathan and Amy were thinking about going to the school. Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Amy
Then Amber and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then, Robert and Shannon had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Robert
Then William and Charles had a lot of fun at the station, and Lisa gave a computer to William
Then Emily and Kristen went to the office, and Erin gave a basketball to Kristen
Then, Courtney and Brandon went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a drink to Courtney
Then, Thomas and Christine had a lot of fun at the house. Rebecca gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Courtney and Erica went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Erica
After the lunch Sara and Kyle went to the station, and Kristen gave a necklace to Sara
Then, Kevin and Daniel went to the station. Jason gave a kiss to Kevin
Then Justin and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school, and William wanted to give a snack to Justin
Afterwards Samantha and Joshua went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Dustin and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Dustin
Then, Michelle and Melissa had a lot of fun at the hospital. Joseph gave a necklace to Melissa
After the lunch Gregory and Steven went to the station, and Alexander gave a bone to Steven
After the lunch in the afternoon, Megan and Bradley went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a necklace to Bradley
Then, Bradley and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Bradley
Then Sean and Courtney were working at the office, and Gregory decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Andrea and Elizabeth were working at the garden. Laura decided to give a necklace to Andrea
Then Courtney and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school, and Benjamin wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Then, Adam and Lindsay were working at the house. William decided to give a ring to Adam
When soon afterwards Lauren and Lisa got a computer at the house, Jesse decided to give the computer to Lisa
Then in the morning, Angela and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Brittany
Afterwards, Sara and Robert went to the store. Patrick gave a drink to Sara
Then, Brandon and Kimberly were working at the office. Bryan decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Joshua and Patrick went to the restaurant. Brian gave a snack to Patrick
Then John and Allison were working at the hospital, and Laura decided to give a kiss to John
Then Katherine and Kristen were working at the garden, and David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
After the lunch, Shannon and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital. Crystal gave a bone to Christopher
Then, Samuel and Paul were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
While spending time together Tyler and Travis were commuting to the restaurant, Brian gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards, Dustin and Sean went to the house. Nicholas gave a snack to Sean
Afterwards, Bradley and Anthony went to the office. Emily gave a necklace to Bradley
Then, Lauren and Travis were thinking about going to the school. Cody wanted to give a ring to Lauren
Then, Timothy and Katherine went to the store. Jeremy gave a basketball to Katherine
Afterwards, Brian and Patrick went to the station. Amber gave a kiss to Brian
Then Katherine and Vanessa were working at the office, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Katherine
Then, Andrew and Sean were working at the office. Amber decided to give a kiss to Andrew
After the lunch Nathan and Lindsey went to the restaurant, and Katherine gave a bone to Lindsey
Then Matthew and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the station, and Amy wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then, William and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Jose
Then, Alexander and Joshua were working at the house. Charles decided to give a basketball to Alexander
Then, Angela and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Angela
Then, Tiffany and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Alicia
After the lunch, Justin and Travis went to the restaurant. Jose gave a kiss to Travis
Afterwards Brian and Amber went to the restaurant, and Lindsay gave a ring to Brian
Then Amy and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Kevin
Then Amber and Kristen were working at the store, and Erica decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicole and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Jason
Then, Kelly and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Kelly
Then Stephen and Alicia had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a drink to Stephen
Then, Jason and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Nicole gave a computer to Jason
Then, Rachel and Kristen went to the house. Bradley gave a bone to Rachel
Then in the morning, Bryan and Danielle were thinking about going to the house. Katie wanted to give a necklace to Danielle
Then Tiffany and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Alicia
Then, Sara and Kevin went to the station. Brittany gave a bone to Sara
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrew and Michael went to the hospital. Kelly gave a ring to Michael
After the lunch, Brian and Robert went to the restaurant. Amy gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Stephen and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the house. Anthony gave a computer to Stephen
Friends separated at birth Jamie and Alexander found a basketball at the hospital. Kenneth gave it to Alexander
Then Jessica and Ashley were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Mary wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Then Bryan and Christine had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Christine
The local big station Tiffany and Crystal went to had a snack. Jason gave it to Crystal
Then, Shannon and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the station. Tiffany gave a bone to Shannon
Then in the morning, Shannon and Michael went to the station. Jesse gave a necklace to Michael
Then, Alexander and Stephen were working at the school. Charles decided to give a ring to Stephen
Then Ryan and Matthew were working at the hospital, and William decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Katie and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Brandon gave a ring to Katie
Then, Stephanie and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jason gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then, Eric and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Eric
Afterwards, John and Mary went to the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Mary
Then, Jose and Lauren had a lot of fun at the garden. Andrew gave a computer to Lauren
Then Megan and Michael had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rachel gave a computer to Megan
Then, Jamie and Kenneth went to the office. Benjamin gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, while spending time together Erin and Shannon went to the office. Vanessa gave a bone to Shannon
Then Shannon and Robert had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Robert
Then, Paul and Jamie were thinking about going to the school. Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then John and Brittany were thinking about going to the house, and Brandon wanted to give a computer to John
Then Erin and Charles had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Charles
Then Melissa and Jeremy were thinking about going to the store, and Travis wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Courtney and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital. Lindsay wanted to give a necklace to Heather
Then, Brandon and Kimberly had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Kimberly
Afterwards Tiffany and Stephen went to the office, and Kelly gave a drink to Stephen
After the lunch Ryan and Danielle went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a bone to Danielle
Then, James and Alexander had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to James
Then Charles and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Charles
Then, Joshua and Michelle had a long argument and after that Richard said to Joshua
Then Sean and Travis were thinking about going to the station, and Jonathan wanted to give a bone to Travis
Then, Aaron and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Aaron
Then Angela and Aaron went to the garden, and Christina gave a computer to Aaron
Then, Tyler and Laura had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Laura
Then in the morning, Melissa and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Vanessa
Then, Kristen and Gregory were thinking about going to the garden. Kevin wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Afterwards, Christina and Allison went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a snack to Christina
Then, Vanessa and Jennifer were thinking about going to the store. Danielle wanted to give a drink to Jennifer
After taking a long break Jonathan and Amber went to the store, Erica gave a snack to Amber
Then, Joshua and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Joshua
Then, Kyle and Samuel had a long argument and after that Adam said to Samuel
Then, Jacob and Lisa had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Jacob
Afterwards, Charles and Mark went to the store. Kimberly gave a basketball to Mark
While spending time together Rachel and Lindsey were working at the office, John gave a computer to Lindsey
Then Gregory and Jesse went to the store, and Justin gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Angela and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the house. Dustin gave a ring to Lindsey
Then, Angela and Elizabeth went to the office. Michael gave a bone to Angela
Then, Jason and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Jason
Then, Benjamin and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to Benjamin
Afterwards, Jose and Heather went to the store. Vanessa gave a necklace to Jose
Then in the morning, Samuel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Allison gave a bone to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Ryan and Jason were thinking about going to the garden. Bradley wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then, Amanda and Amy went to the store. Bryan gave a basketball to Amy
Then in the morning, Joshua and Christina went to the school. Lauren gave a ring to Christina
When soon afterwards Jacob and Sara got a basketball at the hospital, Mark decided to give the basketball to Sara
Afterwards, Jeremy and Thomas went to the station. Melissa gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Brandon and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Lisa
After the lunch Samuel and Rachel went to the station, and David gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Angela and Scott were working at the restaurant. Steven decided to give a ring to Scott
Then, Benjamin and Michelle were thinking about going to the hospital. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Benjamin
Then Scott and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Scott
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephanie and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Christine
Then, Samantha and Elizabeth were working at the store. Matthew decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, John and Kevin were thinking about going to the garden. Gregory wanted to give a drink to Kevin
Then, Eric and Christopher had a lot of fun at the school. Stephen gave a snack to Eric
Then in the morning, Amber and Kristen were working at the store. Tyler decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Charles and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station. Michelle gave a bone to Charles
Then, Brandon and Kevin had a lot of fun at the store. Dustin gave a drink to Brandon
Then, Vanessa and Patrick had a lot of fun at the store. Nicole gave a snack to Vanessa
After taking a long break Stephen and Paul went to the school, John gave a drink to Paul
Then Jeffrey and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Tyler and Gregory got a ring at the restaurant, Heather decided to give it to Gregory
After taking a long break Eric and Bryan went to the store, Tyler gave a bone to Bryan
After the lunch Rachel and Michael went to the garden, and Eric gave a snack to Michael
Then Stephanie and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jason gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then Jesse and Angela had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Angela
While spending time together Alexander and Daniel were commuting to the office, Amanda gave a bone to Daniel
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Katherine
Then Nathan and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Nathan
Then Robert and Melissa had a lot of fun at the store, and Michelle gave a snack to Robert
Then, Allison and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Allison
Afterwards Sara and Eric went to the office, and Tyler gave a drink to Sara
After the lunch Stephanie and Rachel went to the garden, and Sara gave a ring to Stephanie
Then, Daniel and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Paul said to Daniel
Then, Sean and Mary had a lot of fun at the station. Jesse gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Kristen and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Kristen
Then in the morning, Paul and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Steven said to Katie
While spending time together Christine and Thomas were working at the school, Ashley gave a bone to Thomas
Then, Stephen and Benjamin were working at the restaurant. Amy decided to give a drink to Benjamin
After the lunch, Lisa and Amber went to the store. Matthew gave a snack to Lisa
Then, Erica and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Erica
Afterwards Sara and David went to the hospital, and Kelly gave a drink to Sara
Then Crystal and Lindsay were working at the station, and Laura decided to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then Lauren and Amanda went to the school, and Charles gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Melissa and Amy had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Melissa
Then, Andrew and Megan were working at the garden. Bryan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then Jose and Brittany were working at the garden, and Andrea decided to give a kiss to Jose
Then, Anthony and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Christina
After the lunch, Mary and Melissa went to the store. Adam gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Crystal and Katie were thinking about going to the hospital. Steven wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then Eric and Angela were working at the school, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Angela
Then Elizabeth and James had a long argument, and afterwards William said to James
Then, Paul and Amanda were working at the hospital. Cody decided to give a basketball to Paul
Then, Richard and Rebecca went to the garden. Amy gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Steven and Angela had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Angela
Then, Anthony and Lisa were working at the garden. Stephen decided to give a kiss to Anthony
Then Kelly and Tiffany were thinking about going to the hospital, and Kevin wanted to give a snack to Kelly
Then Sean and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Sean
After the lunch Thomas and Kyle went to the store, and Adam gave a drink to Kyle
Then Jacob and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Dustin
Afterwards, while spending time together Megan and Elizabeth went to the store. Crystal gave a kiss to Elizabeth
Then Andrea and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Nathan
Afterwards, Brandon and Michelle went to the garden. Erin gave a drink to Brandon
Then Kelly and Scott had a lot of fun at the station, and Vanessa gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Joshua and Alexander were working at the house. Charles decided to give a basketball to Alexander
The local big station Sara and Amy went to had a snack. Samuel gave it to Amy
Then Mary and Joshua went to the store, and Christine gave a drink to Mary
After the lunch, Aaron and Lauren went to the restaurant. Kelly gave a necklace to Aaron
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Lauren and Jose had a lot of fun at the garden, and Andrew gave a computer to Lauren
Then Kristen and Lisa had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Crystal gave a ring to Kristen
Then Michelle and Nicole went to the store, and Michael gave a ring to Michelle
Then in the morning, John and Shannon went to the house. Benjamin gave a snack to Shannon
Then Katherine and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Katherine
Then Lisa and Katie had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Lisa
Then, Mark and Lindsay were thinking about going to the garden. Scott wanted to give a kiss to Mark
After the lunch, Bryan and Patrick went to the store. Lindsay gave a snack to Patrick
Then Lisa and Kristen were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a snack to Lisa
While spending time together Kimberly and Kristen were commuting to the hospital, Thomas gave a drink to Kristen
When soon afterwards Stephanie and Alexander got a necklace at the hospital, Brittany decided to give the necklace to Alexander
When soon afterwards Stephen and Amber got a basketball at the hospital, Gregory decided to give the basketball to Amber
Then Amber and David were thinking about going to the school, and Stephanie wanted to give a bone to David
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Kyle were working at the office. Amber decided to give a snack to Kyle
Then, Bryan and Amber went to the store. Crystal gave a basketball to Amber
Then Tyler and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the house, and Ashley gave a computer to Tiffany
Afterwards, while spending time together Steven and Bradley went to the school. Alexander gave a ring to Bradley
Then, Erica and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Stephanie
Afterwards, Christopher and Kevin went to the hospital. Benjamin gave a basketball to Christopher
After the lunch, Lauren and Travis went to the school. Brian gave a ring to Lauren
After the lunch, Jennifer and Crystal went to the restaurant. Christina gave a ring to Crystal
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Aaron
Then Melissa and Matthew were thinking about going to the office, and Christina wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then Sean and Christina were working at the hospital, and Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Christina
Afterwards Amanda and Rebecca went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a computer to Amanda
Then Kyle and Allison were working at the house, and Michelle decided to give a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Bryan were working at the school. John decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Kevin and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rachel gave a bone to Kevin
Afterwards Benjamin and Travis went to the station, and Megan gave a ring to Travis
Then Gregory and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Cody
Then Christine and Paul were working at the store, and Jason decided to give a ring to Paul
When soon afterwards Michael and Dustin got a basketball at the restaurant, John decided to give the basketball to Dustin
Then, Sean and Jonathan were thinking about going to the store. Benjamin wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Shannon and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Eric
Then Alexander and Stephen were working at the school, and Charles decided to give a ring to Stephen
Afterwards, Laura and Charles went to the garden. Crystal gave a drink to Laura
Then, John and Joshua had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Joshua
Then Dustin and Andrew were working at the office, and John decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Kenneth and Jamie went to the office. Benjamin gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, Amber and Angela went to the hospital. Nathan gave a drink to Amber
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kyle and Christina went to the hospital. David gave a ring to Christina
Then, Emily and Ryan had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Ryan
Then, Jose and Brandon had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Jose
Afterwards, Thomas and Kenneth went to the garden. Steven gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Jennifer and Matthew were working at the office, and Jessica decided to give a kiss to Jennifer
When soon afterwards Kelly and David got a ring at the store, Lindsay decided to give it to David
Then, Bradley and Stephen had a long argument and after that Robert said to Bradley
Then Adam and Alexander had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsey gave a basketball to Alexander
Then John and Alicia were working at the office, and Jacob decided to give a bone to John
Then Lindsay and Ryan were thinking about going to the store, and Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
Then Allison and Megan went to the hospital, and Danielle gave a basketball to Megan
Afterwards Michael and Benjamin went to the station, and Bryan gave a bone to Benjamin
Then Sarah and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Sarah
Then Melissa and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kyle gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then David and Rachel were working at the store, and Lisa decided to give a computer to David
Then, Brandon and Melissa had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brian gave a computer to Melissa
Then in the morning afterwards, Justin and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Megan said to Michael
Then, Alexander and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Alexander
Then Samuel and Jamie went to the garden, and James gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Angela and Lindsay went to the house. John gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Rachel and David were working at the store. Lisa decided to give a computer to David
Afterwards, Jennifer and Danielle went to the store. Paul gave a ring to Jennifer
Then, Jeffrey and James had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Jeffrey
Then, Joseph and Scott went to the hospital. Matthew gave a kiss to Joseph
After taking a long break Gregory and Steven went to the station, Courtney gave a bone to Steven
The local big store Brian and Kenneth went to had a bone. Benjamin gave it to Kenneth
Then, Vanessa and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Jason
Afterwards Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Melissa gave a ring to Gregory
The local big station Stephanie and Tyler went to had a drink. Gregory gave it to Tyler
Then, Heather and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Heather
Then, Tyler and Megan went to the garden. Brittany gave a computer to Tyler
Then, Ryan and Christine went to the store. Courtney gave a necklace to Christine
After the lunch, Jamie and Shannon went to the office. Jennifer gave a necklace to Shannon
Then Courtney and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Daniel gave a necklace to Melissa
Then Steven and Danielle were working at the store, and Bryan decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Jeremy and Crystal were thinking about going to the office. Patrick wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
After the lunch Bryan and Sara went to the house, and Michael gave a drink to Sara
Then Kevin and Kristen were thinking about going to the school, and Rachel wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Kyle and Anthony went to the store, and Kelly gave a basketball to Kyle
Afterwards, Richard and Stephen went to the school. Gregory gave a bone to Richard
Then Benjamin and Lisa went to the station, and Laura gave a drink to Benjamin
Then Vanessa and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Vanessa
After the lunch, Jason and Amy went to the garden. Shannon gave a kiss to Jason
Then, Lindsey and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Richard and Rebecca went to the garden. Sean gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then Christine and William had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Christine
After the lunch Joseph and Ashley went to the station, and Brandon gave a snack to Joseph
Then Brandon and Sean went to the office, and Jamie gave a basketball to Brandon
Then Alexander and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Alexander
When soon afterwards Nicole and Jacob got a necklace at the school, Ashley decided to give it to Jacob
Then David and Joseph had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to David
Then, Erica and Jessica had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Erica
Then in the morning, Nathan and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Benjamin
Then Brittany and Heather had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Heather
Friends separated at birth Erica and Jesse found a ring at the restaurant. Erin gave it to Jesse
Afterwards Kristen and Michael went to the store, and Benjamin gave a computer to Michael
Afterwards, Christine and Melissa went to the house. Laura gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Christina and Mary had a lot of fun at the store. Amanda gave a snack to Mary
Then in the morning, Nathan and Ashley went to the garden. Bradley gave a ring to Ashley
Afterwards, Amber and William went to the garden. Crystal gave a snack to Amber
The local big store Stephen and Jonathan went to had a kiss. Jesse gave it to Jonathan
While spending time together Nathan and Jonathan were commuting to the hospital, Dustin gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Kenneth and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Kenneth
Then Nicole and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the office, and Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Nicole
Afterwards, Christina and Jamie went to the station. Mary gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Alexander and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Christopher
Afterwards Melissa and Mark went to the house, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Mark
Afterwards, Melissa and Sara went to the school. Lindsay gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Danielle and Steven were working at the store. Bryan decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Sarah and Kimberly had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Kimberly
Then, Amy and Melissa had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Melissa
Then Kevin and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store, and Dustin gave a drink to Brandon
After the lunch Ashley and Vanessa went to the school, and Dustin gave a computer to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Brittany and Bryan had a lot of fun at the school. Ashley gave a bone to Bryan
After the lunch, Alexander and Nicholas went to the house. Scott gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Sarah and William went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a drink to Sarah
Then, Brittany and Kyle had a long argument and after that Eric said to Brittany
Afterwards Megan and Gregory went to the garden, and Richard gave a necklace to Megan
After the lunch, Patrick and Bryan went to the store. Lindsay gave a snack to Patrick
After the lunch Jacob and Thomas went to the house, and Eric gave a drink to Thomas
While spending time together Stephanie and Laura were commuting to the house, James gave a necklace to Laura
Then Laura and Kevin had a lot of fun at the house, and Katherine gave a drink to Kevin
While spending time together Robert and Nicholas were working at the school, Emily gave a drink to Nicholas
After the lunch Dustin and Christopher went to the house, and Lauren gave a bone to Dustin
Then, David and Samantha were working at the school. Jacob decided to give a ring to David
Afterwards Melissa and Christine went to the house, and Laura gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Justin and Paul were thinking about going to the store. Stephanie wanted to give a ring to Justin
Then Kelly and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Kelly
Friends separated at birth Danielle and Kevin found a kiss at the house. Jose gave it to Kevin
Then Aaron and Eric went to the store, and Brandon gave a ring to Eric
Then, Tyler and Travis had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Travis
After the lunch, Nicholas and Alexander went to the house. Scott gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Rebecca and Aaron had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Aaron
Afterwards, while spending time together Lauren and Kristen went to the store. David gave a snack to Kristen
Then in the morning, Patrick and Sara were working at the restaurant. Laura decided to give a drink to Sara
When soon afterwards Christine and Katherine got a basketball at the hospital, Sean decided to give it to Katherine
After the lunch Thomas and Scott went to the school, and Bryan gave a basketball to Scott
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephanie and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Crystal
Then Cody and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Emily
Then, Jacob and Adam were thinking about going to the office. Scott wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Then Megan and Travis were working at the school, and Christina decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Christine and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Courtney
Then Bryan and Katherine were thinking about going to the school, and Dustin wanted to give a drink to Bryan
Then, Adam and Nathan had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Adam
Then, Kenneth and Christina had a long argument and after that Brian said to Kenneth
Then, Sarah and Michael had a lot of fun at the school. Allison gave a drink to Michael
Then, Ashley and Laura were working at the restaurant. Amy decided to give a basketball to Ashley
While spending time together Michelle and Jeremy were working at the school, Stephanie gave a bone to Jeremy
Then Jeremy and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Jeremy
Then Jeremy and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Jeremy
Then, Lauren and Danielle had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Lauren
Then Lindsey and Vanessa went to the garden, and Ashley gave a ring to Lindsey
Friends separated at birth Brandon and Kimberly found a necklace at the station. Bradley gave it to Kimberly
While spending time together Alicia and Samuel were commuting to the store, Gregory gave a drink to Samuel
Then Thomas and Kevin had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Kevin
After the lunch Bryan and Andrea went to the garden, and Michelle gave a snack to Bryan
Then Ryan and Alicia were working at the restaurant, and Gregory decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then Jacob and Joshua were working at the restaurant, and Amy decided to give a ring to Jacob
Afterwards, while spending time together Justin and Mary went to the house. Sara gave a ring to Mary
Then, Jonathan and Aaron went to the store. Samantha gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Tyler and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Tyler
Afterwards, Thomas and Courtney went to the hospital. Megan gave a basketball to Courtney
After the lunch, Steven and Megan went to the restaurant. David gave a necklace to Steven
The local big garden Richard and Lisa went to had a kiss. Jesse gave it to Lisa
Then in the morning, Christine and Travis were thinking about going to the office. Kimberly wanted to give a kiss to Travis
Then, Tyler and Nathan went to the station. Andrew gave a drink to Nathan
Then Stephanie and Kristen were working at the office, and Vanessa decided to give a computer to Stephanie
Then, Joseph and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Joseph
Then Adam and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Lindsey
Then Erin and Tiffany went to the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Kristen and Emily went to the office. Erin gave a basketball to Kristen
When soon afterwards Alicia and Samantha got a drink at the store, Kyle decided to give the drink to Samantha
After the lunch Kimberly and Jeffrey went to the school, and Lisa gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then Jason and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Jason
Then, Nicole and Paul went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to Paul
Then, Kyle and Katie had a lot of fun at the house. Tyler gave a bone to Katie
Then Kenneth and Jacob had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Kevin gave a necklace to Kenneth
Afterwards, while spending time together Alicia and Samantha went to the house. Daniel gave a drink to Samantha
Then Jason and Amanda went to the school, and Erica gave a computer to Jason
Afterwards Michelle and Alicia went to the garden, and Lauren gave a drink to Michelle
Then in the morning, Nicole and Lisa were thinking about going to the office. Michelle wanted to give a bone to Lisa
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Danielle went to the hospital. Jessica gave a basketball to Danielle
Then Katherine and Timothy went to the store, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Katherine
Then, Amber and Thomas went to the station. Sarah gave a snack to Thomas
Then in the morning, Kevin and Kelly went to the station. Ashley gave a computer to Kelly
Afterwards, Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a ring to Gregory
After the lunch, Kenneth and Nicole went to the station. Steven gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Allison and Megan went to the hospital. Danielle gave a basketball to Megan
Afterwards Katherine and Christina went to the school, and Christopher gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch Kelly and Stephen went to the store, and Andrew gave a necklace to Kelly
Then, Matthew and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Lindsey
Then, Daniel and Erin went to the house. Robert gave a ring to Daniel
After the lunch, Dustin and Christopher went to the house. Lauren gave a bone to Dustin
After the lunch, Robert and Patrick went to the station. Bradley gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Courtney and Erin went to the office. Aaron gave a ring to Erin
Then, Tiffany and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jonathan gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Paul and Travis went to the restaurant, and Emily gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Laura and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the office. Bradley wanted to give a ring to Laura
Then Lisa and Nicole had a lot of fun at the house, and Shannon gave a snack to Nicole
Then Angela and Katie went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch Jonathan and Nicholas went to the hospital, and Sarah gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Daniel and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Dustin
Then Alicia and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Alicia
After the lunch Melissa and Danielle went to the school, and Matthew gave a bone to Danielle
Then Scott and Travis went to the restaurant, and Sara gave a necklace to Scott
Then, Alexander and Sarah had a lot of fun at the garden. Emily gave a drink to Sarah
Then, Christine and Paul were working at the store. Jason decided to give a ring to Paul
Afterwards Alicia and Michelle went to the garden, and Lauren gave a drink to Michelle
Then, David and James had a long argument and after that Matthew said to David
Then, Nicole and Lisa had a lot of fun at the house. Shannon gave a snack to Nicole
Then Laura and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Laura
Then, Charles and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Charles
Then Lisa and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden, and Alexander gave a drink to Lisa
Then Ashley and Laura were working at the restaurant, and Amy decided to give a basketball to Ashley
Afterwards Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office, and Michael gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, Matthew and Sara went to the station. Brian gave a kiss to Sara
After the lunch Paul and Kenneth went to the school, and Shannon gave a bone to Paul
Afterwards, Jeffrey and Paul went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then, James and Jason had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Jason
Then Sara and Melissa went to the office, and Tyler gave a necklace to Sara
Then, Christine and Mark went to the store. Jonathan gave a computer to Christine
Then Joseph and Katie had a lot of fun at the station, and Jesse gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Christopher and Cody were thinking about going to the store. Michelle wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Afterwards Brian and Erica went to the station, and Sara gave a bone to Brian
Then, Lindsey and Justin were thinking about going to the school. William wanted to give a snack to Justin
After the lunch Amy and John went to the store, and Joshua gave a snack to John
After the lunch, Stephen and David went to the school. Jason gave a computer to David
Then Courtney and Elizabeth were working at the station, and Steven decided to give a computer to Courtney
Then Nicole and Thomas were working at the restaurant, and Lauren decided to give a computer to Nicole
Then in the morning, Stephen and Daniel had a lot of fun at the store. Jason gave a drink to Daniel
After taking a long break Jessica and Nicole went to the house, Eric gave a necklace to Nicole
Then, Lauren and Jessica went to the store. Jason gave a drink to Jessica
After the lunch, Sarah and Bradley went to the station. Heather gave a computer to Sarah
Then Alexander and David had a long argument, and after that Timothy said to Alexander
Afterwards Jessica and Anthony went to the office, and Brandon gave a bone to Anthony
Then Timothy and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Michelle
Afterwards Tiffany and Matthew went to the school, and Courtney gave a computer to Matthew
Then, Gregory and Allison were thinking about going to the house. Justin wanted to give a snack to Gregory
Then Jacob and Jessica had a lot of fun at the station, and Laura gave a ring to Jacob
Then Amber and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Amber
Then, Jesse and Rachel had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Jesse
After the lunch, Amber and Kristen went to the garden. Aaron gave a necklace to Amber
After the lunch, Heather and Christina went to the hospital. Christine gave a necklace to Christina
Afterwards Kevin and Christopher went to the hospital, and Benjamin gave a basketball to Christopher
The local big station Allison and Joseph went to had a necklace. Kevin gave it to Joseph
After the lunch Charles and Jeffrey went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Charles
Then Paul and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Justin
After the lunch Nicole and William went to the school, and David gave a bone to Nicole
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amy and Christine went to the station. Lindsey gave a necklace to Christine
Then Elizabeth and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Danielle
Then Matthew and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Melissa
Then, Alicia and Kristen were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then, Timothy and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Sean
Then Kyle and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store, and Benjamin gave a bone to Kyle
Then in the morning, Jamie and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Mary
Then, Kelly and Tiffany were thinking about going to the hospital. Kevin wanted to give a snack to Kelly
Then Rebecca and Cody had a lot of fun at the garden, and Joseph gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Jose and Jessica were working at the garden. Nicholas decided to give a snack to Jessica
After the lunch, Vanessa and Mary went to the store. Timothy gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then William and Christine had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Christine
Then, Jennifer and Lisa had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Jennifer
After taking a long break Samantha and James went to the restaurant, Amanda gave a kiss to James
Then, Jeremy and Sean were working at the school. Heather decided to give a computer to Sean
Afterwards, David and Jeffrey went to the station. Samantha gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Then Angela and Matthew were thinking about going to the school, and Amanda wanted to give a ring to Angela
Then, Rachel and Charles were thinking about going to the store. Andrew wanted to give a drink to Charles
Then Jason and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Nicole gave a computer to Jason
Then, Lauren and Ashley had a long argument and after that Christina said to Ashley
Then in the morning, Gregory and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Samantha
Then, Matthew and Jonathan were working at the restaurant. Jacob decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Then Vanessa and Erin had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Erin
Then, Danielle and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Tyler
Afterwards, while spending time together Nicholas and Richard went to the hospital. Anthony gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Mark and Michelle had a long argument and after that Mary said to Mark
Then, Jesse and Melissa were thinking about going to the restaurant. Christina wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Then Crystal and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that David said to Crystal
Then, Joshua and Samuel went to the house. Scott gave a necklace to Samuel
Then, Megan and Heather went to the office. Christina gave a computer to Heather
Then Jennifer and Michelle had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a drink to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Samantha and Christina had a lot of fun at the school. Robert gave a computer to Christina
Then Benjamin and Aaron had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Adam gave a kiss to Benjamin
Then Paul and Jose went to the school, and Mary gave a bone to Paul
Then Erica and Michael were thinking about going to the garden, and Sean wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Then Jesse and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to Jesse
Then, Heather and Megan went to the office. Christina gave a computer to Heather
Then Matthew and Tiffany were thinking about going to the garden, and Lisa wanted to give a drink to Matthew
Afterwards, while spending time together Dustin and Justin went to the restaurant. Travis gave a computer to Justin
Then, Allison and Brandon went to the school. Nicholas gave a necklace to Brandon
Then Samuel and Timothy had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rebecca gave a snack to Timothy
Then Timothy and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Timothy
Afterwards, while spending time together Erica and Brian went to the office. Christopher gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Katie and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station. Vanessa gave a ring to Michelle
Afterwards, Matthew and Timothy went to the school. Lindsay gave a drink to Matthew
Then in the morning, Daniel and Alicia were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a basketball to Alicia
Then Aaron and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Jennifer
Then, Matthew and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Melissa
Then, Jeremy and Katherine were thinking about going to the hospital. Adam wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then Jonathan and Travis went to the restaurant, and Nathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Erica and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house. Lisa gave a ring to Erica
Afterwards Robert and Sara went to the store, and Patrick gave a drink to Sara
Then Jennifer and Crystal were working at the office, and Amy decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Stephen and Kevin were thinking about going to the school. Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Kevin
Then Amber and Jamie were thinking about going to the station, and Patrick wanted to give a kiss to Amber
Then Megan and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Megan
Afterwards, Jeffrey and David went to the station. Samantha gave a basketball to Jeffrey
Afterwards Dustin and Mary went to the station, and Jason gave a necklace to Mary
When soon afterwards Joshua and Jesse got a kiss at the hospital, Eric decided to give the kiss to Jesse
Then in the morning, Dustin and Eric were thinking about going to the hospital. Daniel wanted to give a computer to Eric
Then Charles and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station, and Michelle gave a bone to Charles
After the lunch, Alicia and Tiffany went to the store. Sara gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Angela and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Rachel
Then Amy and Katie had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Katie
Then, Adam and Kevin had a lot of fun at the school. Nicholas gave a necklace to Adam
Afterwards Jonathan and Kyle went to the office, and Eric gave a snack to Kyle
Then Jessica and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Jeffrey gave a basketball to Jessica
After the lunch Jeffrey and Charles went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Charles
While spending time together Alexander and Samuel were working at the restaurant, Lauren gave a kiss to Samuel
After the lunch Jeremy and Ashley went to the garden, and Amanda gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, Jeffrey and Timothy had a lot of fun at the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Timothy
Then Ryan and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Anthony and Brian got a computer at the school, David decided to give it to Brian
Then, Robert and Travis went to the hospital. Samuel gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Charles and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Charles
Afterwards, William and Brandon went to the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Brandon
Then Amber and Courtney went to the station, and Charles gave a snack to Courtney
After the lunch Katherine and Rebecca went to the school, and Kimberly gave a ring to Katherine
After the lunch, Tyler and Amy went to the office. Shannon gave a computer to Amy
Then, Melissa and Samantha were thinking about going to the office. Emily wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then, Anthony and Kyle went to the store. Kelly gave a basketball to Kyle
After the lunch, Sean and Christina went to the hospital. Ryan gave a bone to Christina
Then, Amber and Courtney went to the station. Charles gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Travis and Kristen went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Travis
Then Amanda and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Amanda
Then, Anthony and Angela had a lot of fun at the station. John gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Andrea and Anthony were thinking about going to the restaurant. Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Jeffrey
Then, Laura and Emily had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrew gave a computer to Emily
Afterwards, Lisa and Jeremy went to the station. Robert gave a basketball to Lisa
Then Lisa and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Lisa
Then Gregory and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Gregory
While spending time together Amy and Kimberly were working at the office, Ryan gave a snack to Kimberly
Then Rebecca and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Rebecca
Afterwards, Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden. Michael gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Amber and Katherine had a long argument and after that Travis said to Amber
After the lunch Stephen and Samantha went to the office, and Sarah gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Nathan and Nicholas went to the office. David gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Brandon and Allison went to the school. Nicholas gave a necklace to Brandon
Afterwards Nicole and Aaron went to the school, and Bradley gave a drink to Nicole
Then in the morning, Jose and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Christine
Then in the morning, Allison and Angela had a lot of fun at the school. Aaron gave a ring to Angela
Then Erin and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Travis
Then Katie and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Sara
After the lunch, Allison and Christina went to the station. Eric gave a kiss to Christina
After taking a long break Paul and Kenneth went to the office, Gregory gave a kiss to Kenneth
Then, Lindsay and Angela went to the house. John gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Christopher and Tiffany were working at the restaurant. Sara decided to give a ring to Christopher
Then Sean and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Sean
Then, Courtney and Aaron went to the office. Jennifer gave a necklace to Courtney
Then Jeremy and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Jeffrey
Then, Travis and Robert went to the hospital. Samuel gave a necklace to Travis
When soon afterwards Joshua and Lisa got a ring at the house, Brian decided to give it to Lisa
Then, John and Allison were working at the hospital. Laura decided to give a kiss to John
After the lunch, Kevin and Elizabeth went to the station. Steven gave a kiss to Kevin
Then in the morning, Sarah and Joshua went to the garden. Sara gave a drink to Joshua
Then Paul and Justin were thinking about going to the store, and Stephanie wanted to give a ring to Justin
Afterwards, while spending time together Mark and Melissa went to the office. Patrick gave a snack to Melissa
Then, Bradley and Christina were working at the station. Tiffany decided to give a drink to Bradley
After the lunch in the afternoon, Patrick and Aaron went to the office. Samantha gave a kiss to Aaron
Afterwards Lindsay and Crystal went to the garden, and Brian gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards Jonathan and Robert went to the house, and Stephanie gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Christina and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Nicole
After the lunch Stephanie and Eric went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a necklace to Eric
Then Thomas and Christine had a lot of fun at the house, and Rebecca gave a basketball to Christine
Afterwards Stephen and Jacob went to the station, and Tiffany gave a drink to Jacob
Then Kimberly and Jessica were working at the garden, and James decided to give a snack to Jessica
Then, Lisa and John went to the restaurant. Kristen gave a bone to Lisa
Then Allison and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Allison
Afterwards, Nicholas and Lindsey went to the garden. Justin gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then, Katherine and Angela were thinking about going to the house. Mark wanted to give a drink to Katherine
Then Melissa and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Then, Jeremy and Samantha had a lot of fun at the school. Nicole gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Kristen and Alicia were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then Kimberly and Mary had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Kimberly
Then, Gregory and Brandon had a long argument and after that James said to Gregory
Then, Kevin and Kristen were thinking about going to the school. Rachel wanted to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, Lindsay and Robert went to the store. Sara gave a computer to Lindsay
After the lunch in the afternoon, Daniel and James went to the house. Thomas gave a snack to James
Then, Danielle and John were thinking about going to the garden. Bryan wanted to give a bone to John
Then in the morning, Katherine and Rachel were thinking about going to the garden. Eric wanted to give a kiss to Rachel
When soon afterwards Stephen and Erica got a drink at the house, Katherine decided to give the drink to Erica
Then Nathan and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden, and Lisa gave a necklace to Nathan
Then Jeffrey and Christine were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jesse wanted to give a computer to Christine
After the lunch Lauren and Kenneth went to the school, and Timothy gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Paul and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sean gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch, Kelly and Kristen went to the office. Christina gave a computer to Kelly
After the lunch Sarah and Bradley went to the station, and Heather gave a computer to Sarah
Then Adam and Christopher went to the school, and Jose gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Christina and Michelle were thinking about going to the store. Erica wanted to give a computer to Christina
Afterwards Gregory and Lindsey went to the hospital, and Kimberly gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Courtney and Travis had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to Courtney
Then, Amber and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Amber
Then, Thomas and Rachel went to the restaurant. Paul gave a necklace to Thomas
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Michelle
Then, Vanessa and Jamie had a lot of fun at the store. Thomas gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Nicole and Tiffany were thinking about going to the house. Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
After the lunch Michael and Rachel went to the garden, and Eric gave a snack to Michael
Then Nathan and Elizabeth were working at the station, and Laura decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
After the lunch Andrea and Jeremy went to the store, and Thomas gave a bone to Jeremy
Then Melissa and Jason were thinking about going to the office, and Gregory wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then Andrew and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Mark gave a kiss to Andrew
Then Nicole and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Nicole
Friends separated at birth Matthew and Melissa found a necklace at the house. Amy gave it to Melissa
Then, Nathan and David went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Jose and Michelle went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a bone to Jose
Afterwards, Amber and Courtney went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a bone to Courtney
Afterwards Mary and Jeffrey went to the school, and Nathan gave a computer to Mary
Then Angela and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Angela
Then, Jamie and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Jamie
Then, John and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the office. James gave a basketball to John
Then in the morning, Mary and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station. William gave a kiss to Michelle
Afterwards, while spending time together Travis and Nicholas went to the office. Sara gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Brandon and Kevin were thinking about going to the station. Elizabeth wanted to give a necklace to Kevin
Then in the morning, Cody and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Samuel
Then Jeremy and Kristen were thinking about going to the office, and Jason wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then Brittany and Paul went to the store, and Rachel gave a snack to Brittany
Then Lindsey and Lisa were thinking about going to the store, and Amanda wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Nicholas and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Nicholas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and James went to the school. Melissa gave a bone to James
Then Tyler and Laura had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Laura
Then Jessica and Sara were working at the office, and Lindsay decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Alicia and Justin were thinking about going to the hospital. Erin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then, Benjamin and Vanessa were working at the garden. Jeremy decided to give a drink to Benjamin
Then, Jeffrey and Alexander had a lot of fun at the school. Crystal gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Michelle went to the hospital. Danielle gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Mary and Samuel were working at the school. Kevin decided to give a computer to Samuel
While spending time together Alicia and Cody were commuting to the station, Allison gave a computer to Cody
Then, Kyle and Rebecca were working at the office. Richard decided to give a snack to Kyle
Then, Benjamin and James were working at the office. Brandon decided to give a drink to Benjamin
After the lunch, Charles and Nicole went to the school. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Charles
After the lunch Sara and Bryan went to the house, and Michael gave a drink to Sara
Then, David and Christine went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a basketball to David
Then Timothy and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Timothy
Afterwards, David and Sara went to the hospital. Kelly gave a drink to Sara
Then Kenneth and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Kenneth
Then, Katie and Melissa were thinking about going to the house. Adam wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Afterwards, Anthony and Jason went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a necklace to Anthony
Then Christine and Elizabeth went to the store, and Angela gave a kiss to Christine
Afterwards Ryan and Eric went to the store, and Steven gave a bone to Ryan
Then in the morning, Laura and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Alicia
Then Stephanie and Ryan had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsay gave a computer to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Dustin and Kristen were working at the garden. Courtney decided to give a computer to Kristen
Then, Jessica and Ashley were thinking about going to the restaurant. Mary wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
Afterwards Cody and Benjamin went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then Bryan and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Kyle
Then Rachel and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Charles
Then, Eric and Brittany were working at the restaurant. Jose decided to give a drink to Eric
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Bradley were working at the office. Alicia decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards Tyler and Sara went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Sara
Then, Danielle and Ryan had a long argument and after that Erica said to Danielle
Then, Courtney and Katherine had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Courtney
Then, Cody and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Emily
Then Mark and Shannon were thinking about going to the office, and Sean wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Then, Andrew and Stephen were working at the house. Megan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then, Travis and Amber went to the station. Heather gave a kiss to Travis
Then Melissa and Katie were thinking about going to the house, and Adam wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then, Nicole and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Nicole
Then Stephanie and Thomas went to the house, and William gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Katie and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital. Brandon gave a ring to Katie
Then, Nicole and Megan went to the hospital. Cody gave a bone to Nicole
After taking a long break Heather and Christina went to the hospital, Tiffany gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Amanda and Mark were working at the garden. Tyler decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then, Jeffrey and Shannon had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jose gave a drink to Jeffrey
Afterwards Katherine and Melissa went to the garden, and Gregory gave a basketball to Melissa
Then, Brandon and Kelly had a lot of fun at the store. Sara gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Gregory and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Amy
Then, Jason and Heather went to the restaurant. David gave a computer to Jason
Then, Laura and Kevin had a lot of fun at the house. Katherine gave a drink to Kevin
Then Kyle and Amy were thinking about going to the school, and Melissa wanted to give a snack to Amy
Then Andrew and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Megan said to Andrew
Then Paul and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Jamie
Then Thomas and Megan had a lot of fun at the house, and Michael gave a basketball to Megan
Then Dustin and Angela were thinking about going to the station, and Mark wanted to give a ring to Angela
Then, Aaron and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the garden. Allison gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Andrea and Jeremy were working at the store. William decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
After taking a long break Courtney and Nicholas went to the garden, Sean gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then, Patrick and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the store. Nicole gave a snack to Vanessa
After the lunch, Patrick and Christopher went to the station. Dustin gave a snack to Patrick
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Nathan got a computer at the station, Daniel decided to give the computer to Nathan
Then Christina and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Christina
Then Dustin and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Brittany wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Sara and John were thinking about going to the hospital. Samantha wanted to give a drink to Sara
Afterwards, Thomas and Christopher went to the hospital. Amy gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Melissa and Katie were thinking about going to the house. Adam wanted to give a basketball to Melissa
Then, Brittany and Brian were thinking about going to the store. Shannon wanted to give a kiss to Brittany
Then, Andrew and Dustin were working at the office. John decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Jesse and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Joseph said to Nicole
Then Brittany and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Dustin
Then Kimberly and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office, and Jessica wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then Paul and Jonathan were thinking about going to the house, and Erica wanted to give a snack to Paul
Then Patrick and Jonathan were working at the hospital, and Daniel decided to give a computer to Patrick
Then Angela and Bryan were thinking about going to the house, and Michael wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then, Christina and Nicholas went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Christine and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the hospital. Jesse wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then Angela and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Angela
Then Kimberly and Brandon were working at the office, and Bryan decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Daniel and Matthew went to the office. Brian gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Alexander and Adam had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsey gave a basketball to Alexander
The local big house Jonathan and Allison went to had a computer. Aaron gave it to Allison
Afterwards Jamie and Nicole went to the office, and Mark gave a ring to Nicole
The local big hospital Kyle and Michelle went to had a computer. John gave it to Michelle
After the lunch Christina and Allison went to the station, and Eric gave a kiss to Christina
Then, Erin and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then Kenneth and Kyle had a lot of fun at the garden, and Andrea gave a computer to Kenneth
Then Amy and Amanda went to the store, and Bryan gave a basketball to Amy
Then, John and Allison went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a computer to John
Then, Aaron and Gregory were thinking about going to the store. Steven wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Stephanie and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Stephanie
Then, Laura and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Sarah
Then, Laura and Cody went to the store. Adam gave a drink to Laura
Afterwards, Joshua and Heather went to the house. Christopher gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Rebecca and Richard went to the garden. Amy gave a necklace to Rebecca
Then, Jose and Rachel were thinking about going to the station. Amanda wanted to give a necklace to Jose
Then David and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to David
Then, Erin and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Travis and Lauren went to the school. Brian gave a ring to Lauren
Afterwards, while spending time together Katherine and Sean went to the restaurant. James gave a computer to Sean
Then, Tyler and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house. Nathan gave a bone to Tyler
Then Kristen and Alicia went to the station, and Erin gave a drink to Kristen
Then Katherine and Shannon went to the store, and Justin gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning afterwards, Andrew and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards James said to Shannon
After the lunch Adam and Patrick went to the garden, and Amy gave a basketball to Patrick
Then Amy and Nathan were thinking about going to the school, and Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Amy
Then, Nathan and Cody had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Lauren gave a bone to Cody
Then Elizabeth and Tyler had a lot of fun at the store, and John gave a kiss to Tyler
Then David and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Timothy said to Alexander
After taking a long break Danielle and Bryan went to the restaurant, Brian gave a ring to Bryan
Then, Vanessa and Katie had a long argument and after that Bradley said to Katie
Then Megan and Allison went to the hospital, and Danielle gave a basketball to Megan
Then Rebecca and Alicia were working at the school, and Scott decided to give a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch Kenneth and Brittany went to the garden, and Sara gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, Sara and Eric went to the office. Tyler gave a drink to Sara
Then, Mary and Joshua went to the store. Christine gave a drink to Mary
Afterwards Jason and Stephen went to the garden, and Aaron gave a basketball to Stephen
Then Lindsey and Courtney were thinking about going to the school, and Benjamin wanted to give a necklace to Courtney
Afterwards, while spending time together Eric and Richard went to the hospital. Tyler gave a kiss to Richard
Then Danielle and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Nathan
While spending time together Jason and Cody were working at the house, Charles gave a computer to Cody
Then, Justin and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Justin
While spending time together Jacob and Andrew were commuting to the house, Brandon gave a computer to Andrew
Then, Nicole and Sara were working at the restaurant. Amanda decided to give a drink to Nicole
Then Richard and David were working at the store, and Jeffrey decided to give a ring to David
Then Erin and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Erin
Then, Shannon and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Shannon
After the lunch, Nicole and Kenneth went to the station. Steven gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Alicia and Ryan were working at the restaurant. Gregory decided to give a drink to Alicia
Then Nathan and Kelly went to the garden, and Samantha gave a bone to Nathan
After the lunch, Kenneth and Lauren went to the school. Timothy gave a computer to Lauren
Then Patrick and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Justin
Then Joseph and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Allison said to Joseph
Then, Adam and Jessica were working at the school. Daniel decided to give a bone to Adam
The local big office Tiffany and Patrick went to had a kiss. Gregory gave it to Patrick
Then Mary and Samuel were working at the school, and Kevin decided to give a computer to Samuel
Then Elizabeth and Samantha were working at the house, and Rachel decided to give a necklace to Elizabeth
Then, Tyler and Erica were thinking about going to the store. Emily wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Then, David and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant. William gave a drink to David
Afterwards, Stephen and Tiffany went to the office. Kelly gave a drink to Stephen
Then David and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Rebecca
After the lunch Bradley and Sarah went to the station, and Heather gave a computer to Sarah
Then Samantha and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital, and Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Danielle and Kristen went to the house, and Crystal gave a computer to Danielle
Afterwards Kristen and Danielle went to the house, and Crystal gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Brittany and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Brittany
Then, Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then Nathan and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Kelly and Thomas went to the station. Danielle gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Stephen and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Stephen
Then Jacob and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Brandon wanted to give a computer to Travis
Afterwards Charles and David went to the station, and Richard gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Kristen and Kimberly had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Kimberly
Then Richard and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden, and Katie gave a snack to Richard
Then Stephanie and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store, and Sean gave a necklace to Stephanie
Then Kenneth and Eric went to the hospital, and Michelle gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Andrew and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Megan and Heather went to the office. Jamie gave a computer to Heather
Then Charles and Scott went to the office, and Aaron gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Jonathan and Benjamin were working at the restaurant. Ryan decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Then, Samuel and Joshua went to the house. Scott gave a necklace to Samuel
Then, Daniel and Erin were thinking about going to the house. Tiffany wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then Matthew and Jessica were thinking about going to the office, and Amanda wanted to give a computer to Jessica
After the lunch Andrea and Shannon went to the restaurant, and Robert gave a snack to Andrea
Then, Alicia and Sarah were thinking about going to the station. Nicholas wanted to give a necklace to Alicia
Then, Samuel and Jamie went to the garden. James gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch, Cody and Robert went to the school. Brandon gave a bone to Robert
Afterwards Matthew and Kyle went to the hospital, and Eric gave a bone to Kyle
Then in the morning, Brittany and Erin had a lot of fun at the school. Stephen gave a ring to Erin
Then, Nathan and Joshua were thinking about going to the garden. Ryan wanted to give a snack to Nathan
Then Adam and Robert were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a ring to Robert
Then Lindsay and David had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Lindsay
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Rebecca went to the hospital. Robert gave a computer to Rebecca
Then, Richard and Adam were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a snack to Adam
Then Erin and Daniel went to the house, and Robert gave a ring to Daniel
Then Vanessa and Aaron were working at the restaurant, and Kyle decided to give a basketball to Vanessa
Then, Adam and Jacob went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a ring to Adam
Afterwards Daniel and Patrick went to the garden, and Heather gave a snack to Daniel
Then, Megan and Allison went to the hospital. Danielle gave a basketball to Megan
After the lunch, Michael and Elizabeth went to the station. Erin gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Michelle and Mark had a long argument, and after that Mary said to Mark
Then Christina and Andrea went to the school, and Michael gave a snack to Christina
Then Nathan and Nicholas went to the office, and David gave a computer to Nathan
Then, Joshua and Sarah went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to Joshua
Then Justin and William had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Justin
Then Courtney and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Courtney
The local big store Jamie and Mark went to had a computer. Bryan gave it to Mark
Then Gregory and Aaron were thinking about going to the store, and Steven wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Anthony and Andrea were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
After the lunch, Nicholas and Erin went to the office. Christina gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then, Alexander and Lisa were thinking about going to the store. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Alexander
After the lunch Anthony and Jessica went to the store, and Bradley gave a snack to Anthony
Then, Thomas and Christina went to the station. Adam gave a bone to Christina
Then John and Elizabeth were working at the house, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Then, Erin and David were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jessica wanted to give a computer to David
Then, Richard and Christopher had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Christopher
Then Anthony and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Christina
Afterwards Samuel and Tiffany went to the store, and Jessica gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Justin and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the school. Allison gave a ring to Nicholas
While spending time together Tyler and John were working at the hospital, Jessica gave a basketball to John
After the lunch, Courtney and Jose went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a bone to Courtney
The local big store Heather and Gregory went to had a necklace. Emily gave it to Gregory
Then Lindsey and Angela had a lot of fun at the house, and Dustin gave a ring to Lindsey
Friends separated at birth Amber and Tyler found a ring at the school. Daniel gave it to Tyler
Then Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Lindsey
Then, Emily and Kelly were thinking about going to the restaurant. Crystal wanted to give a necklace to Emily
The local big school Amy and Anthony went to had a bone. Nicole gave it to Anthony
Then in the morning afterwards, Scott and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Joseph
Then Katherine and Michelle were thinking about going to the garden, and Aaron wanted to give a snack to Katherine
Afterwards, Thomas and Kelly went to the station. Cody gave a drink to Thomas
Then Mary and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Kelly
Then Lindsay and Kelly went to the school, and Elizabeth gave a snack to Lindsay
Then Tiffany and Nicole were thinking about going to the house, and Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
Afterwards Joshua and Sara went to the station, and Timothy gave a basketball to Sara
Afterwards Erin and Paul went to the school, and Allison gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Samantha and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Samantha
Then, John and Danielle were thinking about going to the garden. Bryan wanted to give a bone to John
Then Sean and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Jeremy wanted to give a drink to Sean
Then Lauren and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Lauren
After the lunch Sean and Samantha went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a basketball to Sean
Then Laura and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Joseph said to Emily
Then Amanda and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Thomas
After the lunch, Vanessa and Ryan went to the store. Samuel gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Crystal and Brian were working at the garden. Kristen decided to give a basketball to Crystal
Then Sarah and Joshua went to the garden, and Michelle gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Rebecca and Patrick had a long argument and after that Mary said to Patrick
Afterwards Jeremy and Angela went to the hospital, and Rachel gave a basketball to Angela
Then Samantha and Katherine went to the office, and Jeffrey gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Kevin and Timothy went to the hospital. William gave a necklace to Kevin
Then Joshua and Erica were thinking about going to the station, and Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Erica
After the lunch Kelly and Michael went to the school, and Bradley gave a ring to Kelly
Then, Travis and Jacob were thinking about going to the restaurant. Brandon wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then, Katie and Adam were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then, Elizabeth and John went to the house. Lauren gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Adam and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the station. Andrew gave a snack to Jennifer
Afterwards, Amy and Paul went to the garden. Anthony gave a snack to Amy
Then Sean and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Benjamin
Afterwards, while spending time together Richard and Jeremy went to the store. Katherine gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Thomas and Christina went to the station, and Adam gave a bone to Christina
After taking a long break Michael and Robert went to the school, Benjamin gave a drink to Robert
Then, Michelle and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Michelle
Then, Bryan and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Bryan
Then, John and Elizabeth went to the house. Lauren gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Stephanie and Allison were working at the station, and Brian decided to give a snack to Stephanie
Then Mark and Eric were thinking about going to the school, and John wanted to give a basketball to Mark
Then, Stephanie and Kristen were working at the office. Vanessa decided to give a computer to Stephanie
Then Bradley and John had a lot of fun at the house, and Sarah gave a computer to John
When soon afterwards Heather and Emily got a basketball at the house, Anthony decided to give the basketball to Emily
Then Andrea and Kenneth were working at the office, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then John and Samantha had a lot of fun at the house, and Jamie gave a bone to John
Then Samantha and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Alexander gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Timothy and Jason were thinking about going to the station. Adam wanted to give a computer to Jason
Afterwards Brian and Christine went to the store, and Jennifer gave a bone to Brian
Afterwards Jennifer and Sean went to the store, and Kevin gave a basketball to Sean
Then Emily and David had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jacob gave a ring to David
Then, Courtney and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Courtney
After the lunch, Richard and Jeremy went to the hospital. Kelly gave a ring to Richard
Then Thomas and Tyler were thinking about going to the hospital, and Andrew wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then Andrew and Sean were working at the office, and Amber decided to give a kiss to Andrew
Then Jesse and Andrew had a long argument, and after that Megan said to Andrew
Then Eric and Joshua had a lot of fun at the store, and Angela gave a drink to Eric
Then Kyle and Andrew were thinking about going to the store, and Bradley wanted to give a basketball to Andrew
When soon afterwards Steven and Samantha got a basketball at the office, Bradley decided to give it to Samantha
Then Nicole and Michael were working at the office, and Mark decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then, Christine and Elizabeth went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to Christine
Afterwards Allison and Crystal went to the store, and Sara gave a kiss to Allison
After the lunch Nicholas and Sara went to the station, and Travis gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then Christina and Jamie went to the store, and Nicholas gave a drink to Christina
After the lunch Megan and Thomas went to the school, and Jesse gave a necklace to Thomas
Then Jonathan and Benjamin were working at the restaurant, and Ryan decided to give a bone to Jonathan
Afterwards Thomas and Ashley went to the school, and Timothy gave a drink to Thomas
Then Jason and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Jason
Then Joseph and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Joseph
Afterwards, while spending time together Timothy and Nicole went to the hospital. Matthew gave a drink to Nicole
Then Kristen and Kimberly had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Sara and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Charles
After the lunch Vanessa and Mary went to the store, and Timothy gave a basketball to Vanessa
Then Lindsey and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden, and Megan wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
After the lunch, William and Robert went to the hospital. Stephen gave a bone to William
Then Heather and Steven had a lot of fun at the office, and Eric gave a computer to Heather
After the lunch Alicia and Travis went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a ring to Alicia
Then, Jeremy and Brian were working at the house. Jennifer decided to give a snack to Brian
After the lunch Mary and Melissa went to the store, and Adam gave a necklace to Mary
Friends separated at birth Amber and Andrea found a bone at the hospital. Jennifer gave it to Andrea
Friends separated at birth Joseph and Jonathan found a computer at the garden. Justin gave it to Jonathan
Then, Paul and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Nicholas
Afterwards Travis and Gregory went to the house, and Lauren gave a necklace to Gregory
Then, Mary and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Kelly
Then Lindsay and Allison went to the garden, and Dustin gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Courtney and Justin were working at the hospital. Kevin decided to give a necklace to Courtney
Then Rachel and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Rachel
Friends separated at birth Erin and Jennifer found a bone at the house. Samuel gave it to Jennifer
Then, Adam and Robert were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a ring to Robert
Then Heather and Daniel were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then, Jason and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Ryan
Then Tyler and Erin had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Tyler
Then Michael and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Michael
Then, Nicole and Michelle went to the store. Michael gave a ring to Michelle
Then, Elizabeth and Patrick were working at the store. Michael decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Scott and Charles went to the office. Aaron gave a basketball to Scott
After taking a long break John and Nathan went to the store, Jeremy gave a snack to Nathan
Then Amber and David were working at the school, and Mark decided to give a basketball to David
Then, Jonathan and Justin were thinking about going to the school. Ryan wanted to give a necklace to Jonathan
Then Laura and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Laura
Then, Lindsay and Jeremy went to the station. Christopher gave a necklace to Lindsay
After the lunch Bradley and Alicia went to the office, and Vanessa gave a computer to Alicia
Then, Paul and Jose went to the school. Mary gave a bone to Paul
Then, Melissa and Travis were thinking about going to the store. Ashley wanted to give a snack to Travis
Then, Cody and Michelle were working at the house. Steven decided to give a bone to Cody
Afterwards, Samantha and Joshua went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a necklace to Samantha
After the lunch Eric and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a necklace to Eric
Afterwards Andrea and Stephen went to the garden, and William gave a basketball to Stephen
After the lunch Steven and Gregory went to the station, and Alexander gave a bone to Steven
Then, Jamie and Richard were thinking about going to the restaurant. Amy wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Timothy and Jamie were working at the garden. Jesse decided to give a bone to Timothy
Afterwards Tiffany and Michael went to the restaurant, and Lauren gave a snack to Michael
Then Anthony and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Anthony
Then, Brian and Rachel had a long argument and after that Steven said to Brian
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Paul got a snack at the hospital, Allison decided to give it to Paul
Then, Heather and Jamie were working at the house. Laura decided to give a basketball to Heather
Then in the morning, Christopher and Cody were thinking about going to the store. Brian wanted to give a basketball to Cody
Then, Jesse and Angela had a long argument and after that Allison said to Angela
Then Justin and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Justin
Then, Stephen and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant. David gave a basketball to Stephen
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Katherine went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a bone to Katherine
Then, Sean and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Sean
The local big restaurant Kelly and Emily went to had a necklace. Rachel gave it to Emily
While spending time together Ashley and Thomas were working at the store, Jennifer gave a computer to Thomas
Then Paul and Brian had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Brian
Then Michael and Kenneth were thinking about going to the store, and Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Michael
Friends separated at birth Lindsay and Emily found a ring at the garden. Benjamin gave it to Emily
Then, Emily and Bradley went to the school. Christopher gave a ring to Emily
Then, Allison and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital. Brandon gave a computer to Erica
After the lunch Kelly and Adam went to the school, and Rachel gave a ring to Adam
After the lunch Mary and Mark went to the school, and Melissa gave a drink to Mary
Then, Scott and Angela were working at the restaurant. Steven decided to give a ring to Scott
Then John and Alexander went to the school, and Gregory gave a computer to John
Then, Samantha and Amanda had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Amanda
Afterwards, Charles and Kevin went to the house. Jonathan gave a drink to Charles
Then, Daniel and Lisa had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Daniel
Then, Richard and Elizabeth were working at the house. Lauren decided to give a snack to Richard
Then Vanessa and Justin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Steven gave a computer to Vanessa
Then Adam and Kimberly were thinking about going to the house, and Ashley wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then Joseph and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Stephen
Then, Cody and Scott were thinking about going to the station. Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Cody
Friends separated at birth Steven and Danielle found a necklace at the house. Allison gave it to Danielle
Then, Nicole and Thomas were working at the restaurant. Lauren decided to give a computer to Nicole
Afterwards, Sara and David went to the hospital. Kelly gave a drink to Sara
Then, Ashley and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Jeffrey wanted to give a drink to Ashley
After the lunch, Patrick and Adam went to the garden. Amy gave a basketball to Patrick
Then, Lisa and Kristen were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a snack to Lisa
Then Stephanie and Gregory were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a drink to Stephanie
Then, Melissa and Robert were thinking about going to the store. Scott wanted to give a bone to Robert
Then, Danielle and Kyle had a long argument and after that Jason said to Kyle
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jonathan gave a snack to Benjamin
Afterwards, while spending time together Jacob and Kyle went to the station. Benjamin gave a basketball to Kyle
Then in the morning, William and Patrick were thinking about going to the restaurant. David wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Bradley and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Bradley
Then, Danielle and Adam had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Danielle
Then, Jeffrey and Richard went to the hospital. Michelle gave a computer to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Christopher and Jose got a kiss at the station, Crystal decided to give it to Jose
Then Michelle and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a drink to Jennifer
Afterwards, while spending time together Rebecca and Mark went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a kiss to Mark
Then Michelle and Laura were thinking about going to the store, and Kristen wanted to give a drink to Laura
Afterwards, Jeffrey and Bradley went to the house. Jesse gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Kelly and David were working at the station, and Samuel decided to give a kiss to David
Then Thomas and Travis went to the office, and Kyle gave a ring to Travis
Then Jonathan and Sean were thinking about going to the store, and Benjamin wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Afterwards, Angela and Sean went to the office. Robert gave a ring to Sean
Then Jason and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Kenneth
After the lunch, Charles and Jeffrey went to the garden. Jeremy gave a kiss to Charles
After the lunch Kenneth and Jessica went to the restaurant, and Alexander gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Christina and Thomas went to the station. Adam gave a bone to Christina
Then Jennifer and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Ryan and Rachel were thinking about going to the house. Dustin wanted to give a bone to Rachel
Then Charles and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the school, and Nicholas gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Daniel and Erica went to the garden. Joshua gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Stephen and Erin went to the school, and Ashley gave a kiss to Stephen
Then Brandon and Melissa had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brian gave a computer to Melissa
Then, Amanda and Lauren went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to Lauren
After the lunch in the afternoon, Brittany and Jeremy went to the station. Jason gave a ring to Jeremy
Then Bradley and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Katie
Then, Megan and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Steven said to Megan
Then in the morning, Katherine and Kristen were working at the garden. Amanda decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then Erica and Eric had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Matthew gave a ring to Eric
Then Justin and Jonathan were working at the garden, and Laura decided to give a bone to Justin
Then, Michael and Erica were thinking about going to the garden. Sean wanted to give a basketball to Michael
Then in the morning, Sean and Nicholas were working at the store. Lauren decided to give a drink to Nicholas
Then, Benjamin and Sean had a long argument and after that Steven said to Benjamin
Afterwards, Angela and David went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a computer to Angela
Then Erica and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house, and Lisa gave a ring to Erica
Then, Rebecca and Amy had a lot of fun at the garden. James gave a necklace to Amy
Then Cody and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Erica said to Cody
After the lunch Jesse and Lauren went to the school, and Lisa gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Jonathan and Mark were thinking about going to the office. Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Jonathan
After the lunch, Katherine and Stephanie went to the house. Erin gave a drink to Stephanie
Then Jesse and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the station, and Bryan wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then Kyle and Alicia were thinking about going to the station, and Bryan wanted to give a necklace to Kyle
After the lunch, Danielle and Ryan went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a bone to Danielle
Then Nathan and Mary had a lot of fun at the school, and William gave a basketball to Mary
Then Christine and Courtney were working at the hospital, and Bradley decided to give a basketball to Courtney
After the lunch in the afternoon, Timothy and Tyler went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a basketball to Tyler
After the lunch William and Lindsay went to the station, and Andrew gave a drink to Lindsay
Then, Paul and Nicholas went to the school. Katherine gave a computer to Paul
Then Lindsay and Jeremy went to the station, and Christopher gave a necklace to Lindsay
Afterwards, Matthew and Tiffany went to the school. Courtney gave a computer to Matthew
Then, Vanessa and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Vanessa
The local big restaurant Amber and Tiffany went to had a bone. Bryan gave it to Tiffany
Then, Samuel and Brandon were working at the station. Robert decided to give a computer to Brandon
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey were working at the school. Kevin decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Sean and Courtney were working at the office. Joshua decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Cody and Megan were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a bone to Megan
Then Jeremy and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Justin said to Kristen
After the lunch, Amy and Ryan went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to Ryan
Then Jamie and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Jamie
After the lunch William and Nathan went to the hospital, and Shannon gave a kiss to William
After the lunch Nathan and Michelle went to the school, and Angela gave a bone to Nathan
Then Patrick and John had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Patrick
When soon afterwards Sara and Jamie got a necklace at the school, Vanessa decided to give it to Jamie
Then Samantha and Andrew had a lot of fun at the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Andrew
Then Gregory and Katherine went to the station, and Lindsay gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch, Thomas and Scott went to the school. Bryan gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Crystal and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Benjamin said to Eric
Afterwards, Jose and Jamie went to the house. Christine gave a bone to Jose
Afterwards, Robert and Jonathan went to the house. Stephanie gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Megan and Christine were thinking about going to the station, and Erica wanted to give a computer to Christine
Afterwards, Mary and John went to the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Mary
Then Benjamin and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jonathan gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, John and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house. Sarah gave a computer to John
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Brittany were working at the store. Kyle decided to give a necklace to Brittany
Then William and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the garden, and Bradley gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards Crystal and Allison went to the store, and Sara gave a kiss to Allison
While spending time together Justin and Mary were commuting to the garden, Amanda gave a computer to Mary
After the lunch, Kyle and Mary went to the station. Lindsey gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Daniel and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Daniel
Then, Jeffrey and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house. Crystal gave a ring to Matthew
Then Tyler and Alicia had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jeremy gave a drink to Tyler
Afterwards Kevin and Lindsey went to the restaurant, and Kimberly gave a drink to Lindsey
Then Kevin and Timothy went to the hospital, and William gave a necklace to Kevin
Then, Gregory and Adam were thinking about going to the house. Erin wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then, Jeffrey and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Joseph said to Jeffrey
Then Kenneth and Andrea were working at the office, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then, Danielle and Lauren had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Lauren
Then David and Michelle were working at the restaurant, and Joshua decided to give a kiss to David
Afterwards Matthew and Sara went to the station, and Brian gave a kiss to Sara
Then Kristen and Lisa were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a snack to Lisa
Then Heather and Andrew had a lot of fun at the office, and Tyler gave a ring to Heather
Then Ashley and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Ashley
Then Vanessa and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school, and Kimberly gave a snack to Thomas
Afterwards Christine and Brian went to the store, and Jennifer gave a bone to Brian
Then, Jonathan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office. Aaron gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Paul and Nicole went to the hospital, and Bradley gave a computer to Paul
When soon afterwards Angela and Travis got a necklace at the garden, Samantha decided to give it to Travis
While spending time together Cody and Stephanie were working at the house, Alexander gave a snack to Stephanie
Then, Angela and Lauren had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Lauren
Then Kyle and Katie had a lot of fun at the house, and Tyler gave a bone to Katie
Then, Elizabeth and Robert had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Gregory gave a basketball to Robert
Then Sara and John were thinking about going to the hospital, and Samantha wanted to give a drink to Sara
Then in the morning, Kelly and Jason were thinking about going to the restaurant. Charles wanted to give a kiss to Jason
Then, Stephen and Alicia had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a drink to Stephen
Then Anthony and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Dustin
Then Alicia and Stephen had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a drink to Stephen
Then, Nathan and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Ryan
After the lunch Stephen and Shannon went to the hospital, and Cody gave a computer to Stephen
Then in the morning, Ashley and Scott were thinking about going to the house. Jose wanted to give a ring to Scott
Then David and Daniel went to the house, and Jesse gave a drink to Daniel
Afterwards Dustin and Amber went to the hospital, and Tyler gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Elizabeth and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and John gave a ring to Jeremy
After the lunch Justin and Sara went to the office, and Joshua gave a drink to Justin
Afterwards Amanda and Nicole went to the house, and Steven gave a ring to Nicole
Then Ryan and Amber had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Ryan
Then Tyler and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Tyler
Then, Courtney and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Courtney
Then Sara and Steven were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Then Adam and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Danielle
Then, Jacob and Eric had a long argument and after that Brian said to Jacob
Afterwards, while spending time together Lauren and Thomas went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to Thomas
Then, Jessica and Sara were working at the office. Lindsay decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Sara and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Sara
Then, Thomas and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the office. Shannon gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Rachel and Nicole were working at the garden. John decided to give a kiss to Nicole
When soon afterwards Brian and Katherine got a computer at the office, Brandon decided to give the computer to Katherine
Then Rebecca and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Benjamin
Then, Kyle and Lisa had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a drink to Lisa
After the lunch Jason and Nicole went to the restaurant, and Lauren gave a ring to Jason
Then, Travis and Megan were working at the school. Christina decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then Thomas and Lindsey were thinking about going to the garden, and Megan wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Danielle and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Danielle
Then Kyle and David were working at the house, and Brian decided to give a ring to David
Afterwards Katherine and Mary went to the school, and Adam gave a ring to Katherine
Then, Jeffrey and Christina went to the station. Justin gave a necklace to Jeffrey
Then, Gregory and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Timothy
After the lunch Jennifer and Crystal went to the restaurant, and Christina gave a ring to Crystal
Then, Erica and Eric had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Matthew gave a ring to Eric
Then in the morning afterwards, Mark and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Steven
Afterwards, Sara and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Sara
Then in the morning afterwards, Angela and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Ryan
The local big station John and Lindsey went to had a basketball. Amy gave it to Lindsey
Afterwards Amanda and Eric went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Bradley and Michelle were working at the hospital. Robert decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Daniel and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Benjamin said to Daniel
After the lunch, Allison and Crystal went to the station. Stephanie gave a drink to Crystal
Then Elizabeth and Christina were working at the restaurant, and Erica decided to give a snack to Christina
Then, Lisa and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Lisa
Afterwards William and Brandon went to the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Brandon
After the lunch Heather and Courtney went to the garden, and Katie gave a drink to Heather
Then Shannon and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Shannon
Then, Lauren and Eric went to the store. Shannon gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Tyler and Jennifer were thinking about going to the office. Travis wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Then Michael and Megan were working at the school, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Michael
Then Kenneth and Thomas had a lot of fun at the office, and Michelle gave a kiss to Kenneth
Then, Katie and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Bradley said to Katie
While spending time together Michael and Justin were commuting to the hospital, Jason gave a bone to Justin
When soon afterwards Rebecca and Christine got a drink at the hospital, Lauren decided to give the drink to Christine
Then Vanessa and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that David said to Vanessa
Then Brittany and Angela had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Brittany
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Jessica gave a snack to Jacob
Then Cody and Adam were working at the office, and Stephen decided to give a kiss to Cody
After the lunch Stephen and Paul went to the school, and Tyler gave a drink to Paul
Then Michelle and Laura were working at the hospital, and Stephanie decided to give a drink to Laura
Afterwards, while spending time together Laura and Christopher went to the office. Nicole gave a ring to Christopher
Then Lindsey and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Lindsey
Then Courtney and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Scott said to Courtney
Then, Cody and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Megan said to Cody
Then in the morning, Jamie and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the store. Michelle gave a bone to Jonathan
Then, David and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to David
Then Melissa and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Melissa
Then, Danielle and Richard had a lot of fun at the station. Cody gave a basketball to Danielle
Then in the morning, Sean and Stephen were thinking about going to the station. Joseph wanted to give a ring to Stephen
Then Ryan and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Ryan
Then, Jennifer and Michelle had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a drink to Jennifer
After the lunch Jeffrey and Kimberly went to the school, and Lisa gave a kiss to Kimberly
Then, Shannon and Joseph had a long argument and after that James said to Joseph
Then, Robert and Jeremy were thinking about going to the garden. Matthew wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then in the morning, William and Christopher went to the garden. Shannon gave a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch Jennifer and Joseph went to the office, and Charles gave a necklace to Jennifer
Then William and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Katherine
Then Justin and Alicia were thinking about going to the hospital, and Erin wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning, Anthony and Andrea were thinking about going to the restaurant. Sean wanted to give a basketball to Andrea
Then, James and Sarah went to the hospital. Emily gave a computer to Sarah
After the lunch Vanessa and Melissa went to the station, and Anthony gave a drink to Vanessa
Then, Stephen and Erin went to the school. Ashley gave a kiss to Stephen
Then Adam and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Adam
Then Erin and Alicia went to the office, and Andrea gave a computer to Erin
Then, David and Daniel went to the house. Jesse gave a drink to Daniel
Then, Jason and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Jason
Then, Jennifer and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sean gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards Angela and Kristen went to the restaurant, and Richard gave a necklace to Angela
After the lunch, Alicia and Bradley went to the office. Vanessa gave a computer to Alicia
Then Brandon and Angela were working at the school, and Amber decided to give a basketball to Brandon
Then in the morning afterwards, Emily and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Ashley
Then, Mary and Kimberly had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Kimberly
After the lunch, Christina and Megan went to the office. Kristen gave a drink to Megan
After the lunch Lindsay and William went to the station, and Andrew gave a drink to Lindsay
Then Kristen and Robert were thinking about going to the school, and Michael wanted to give a basketball to Robert
Then, Michael and Lindsay went to the store. David gave a computer to Michael
Then Daniel and Erin went to the house, and Robert gave a ring to Daniel
Then Ryan and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house, and David wanted to give a necklace to Ryan
Then Katie and Kyle had a lot of fun at the house, and Tyler gave a bone to Katie
Then, Justin and Katherine were thinking about going to the garden. Vanessa wanted to give a kiss to Justin
Then, Kenneth and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Kenneth
After the lunch Paul and Stephen went to the school, and Tyler gave a drink to Paul
Then, Anthony and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Anthony
While spending time together Paul and Amanda were commuting to the school, Thomas gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch Mary and Megan went to the store, and Richard gave a bone to Mary
Then Andrew and Justin had a lot of fun at the garden, and Christopher gave a bone to Andrew
After the lunch, Nathan and Kevin went to the restaurant. Allison gave a basketball to Nathan
Then Tiffany and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jason gave a kiss to Stephanie
Then, Erin and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Erin
Then Richard and Megan were working at the office, and Katherine decided to give a ring to Richard
Then, Gregory and David had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to David
Afterwards, Brandon and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Brandon
Then Laura and Cody went to the store, and Adam gave a drink to Laura
Then, Samuel and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Charles
After the lunch, Paul and Brittany went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a snack to Paul
Then, James and William had a lot of fun at the school. Kimberly gave a ring to William
Afterwards Joseph and Robert went to the garden, and Christina gave a snack to Robert
Then, Christine and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Rebecca gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Rebecca and Brian had a long argument and after that Emily said to Rebecca
Then, Jessica and Erin were thinking about going to the store. Brandon wanted to give a kiss to Jessica
The local big restaurant Amanda and Cody went to had a ring. Stephen gave it to Cody
Then, Bradley and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Shannon
Then, Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Allison said to Melissa
Afterwards Christine and Jessica went to the house, and Kristen gave a basketball to Christine
Then, Samantha and Katherine were working at the hospital. Justin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Bradley and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Bradley
Then, Daniel and Justin had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Daniel
Then in the morning, Anthony and James had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to James
After the lunch, Heather and Courtney went to the garden. Katie gave a drink to Heather
After the lunch Jamie and Shannon went to the house, and Lindsay gave a computer to Jamie
Then Brandon and James had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Brandon
Then Joseph and Robert were working at the hospital, and Lindsey decided to give a necklace to Robert
After taking a long break Charles and Kyle went to the station, Kenneth gave a ring to Kyle
After the lunch, Kelly and Katie went to the garden. Stephen gave a drink to Kelly
Then, Daniel and Christina had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Christina
Afterwards Ashley and Rachel went to the house, and Mary gave a ring to Ashley
Then Alexander and James had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to James
Then Kelly and Brandon went to the school, and Eric gave a ring to Kelly
After taking a long break Amy and John went to the store, Brian gave a snack to John
Then, Christopher and Richard had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Christopher
Afterwards Sean and Dustin went to the house, and Nicholas gave a snack to Sean
Then Alicia and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Samantha
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Paul went to the school. Tyler gave a computer to Paul
Then Gregory and Kelly were working at the store, and Shannon decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then Amanda and Jason had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Jason
Then Nathan and Andrea had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Nathan
While spending time together Kyle and Benjamin were commuting to the store, Justin gave a basketball to Benjamin
Then Joshua and Dustin were thinking about going to the station, and Brittany wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Nathan and Megan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Nathan
Then Megan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Michael gave a basketball to Megan
When soon afterwards Anthony and Dustin got a basketball at the house, Sarah decided to give the basketball to Dustin
Then Mark and Allison went to the school, and Adam gave a ring to Mark
The local big store Lisa and Scott went to had a snack. Laura gave it to Scott
Then, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Brittany gave a computer to Tyler
Then, Paul and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Justin
Then Laura and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Alicia
Then Kristen and Steven were working at the garden, and David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then, John and Amber had a long argument and after that Jesse said to John
Then Sara and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Sara
Then in the morning, Patrick and Timothy were working at the office. Travis decided to give a kiss to Timothy
Then, Michelle and Rebecca were thinking about going to the restaurant. Adam wanted to give a drink to Michelle
Afterwards, Crystal and Christina went to the house. Jamie gave a kiss to Christina
After the lunch Amy and Emily went to the station, and Heather gave a bone to Amy
Then, Nicole and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Jason
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Dustin got a computer at the garden, Jacob decided to give it to Dustin
Then Jennifer and Christopher went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a bone to Christopher
Afterwards, Megan and Gregory went to the garden. Richard gave a necklace to Megan
Afterwards, Michelle and Alicia went to the garden. Lauren gave a drink to Michelle
Then Alexander and Courtney had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Courtney
Afterwards, Katie and Melissa went to the garden. Richard gave a necklace to Katie
Afterwards Sara and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Sara
While spending time together Angela and Eric were commuting to the office, Kristen gave a kiss to Eric
Then Thomas and Rebecca were working at the school, and Gregory decided to give a necklace to Thomas
Then, Scott and Cody were thinking about going to the station. Stephanie wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then Anthony and John had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Christine gave a drink to John
Then Jose and Courtney had a lot of fun at the store, and Nicole gave a necklace to Courtney
Then in the morning afterwards, Tiffany and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Stephanie
Afterwards Laura and Charles went to the garden, and Crystal gave a drink to Laura
Then David and Amber had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to David
After the lunch Daniel and Jeremy went to the house, and Katherine gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Rebecca and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Mary said to Patrick
When soon afterwards Shannon and Elizabeth got a basketball at the store, Katherine decided to give it to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Thomas and Tiffany went to the store. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Jason and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a snack to Jason
Then, William and Patrick were thinking about going to the restaurant. Bryan wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Ashley and Brian were thinking about going to the house, and Joshua wanted to give a bone to Ashley
Then, Dustin and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Dustin
Then Vanessa and Kelly went to the garden, and Travis gave a kiss to Kelly
Then, Gregory and Kelly were working at the store. Shannon decided to give a kiss to Kelly
Then, Jennifer and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Jeremy
Then Jacob and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Kevin gave a necklace to Kenneth
After the lunch Allison and Christina went to the station, and Eric gave a kiss to Christina
Then Christopher and Richard had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Christopher
Then, Kristen and Rachel went to the house. Bradley gave a bone to Rachel
Then, Jeremy and Kristen were thinking about going to the office. Jason wanted to give a bone to Jeremy
Then, Brittany and Heather had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Heather
Then in the morning, Timothy and Lauren went to the school. Amy gave a computer to Lauren
Then, Kristen and Stephen had a long argument and after that Courtney said to Stephen
Then Christopher and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Samantha
Then Nicole and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Jason
Then, Jeremy and Sarah were working at the station. Thomas decided to give a snack to Jeremy
Then, Heather and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Jose
Then, Alexander and Courtney had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Courtney
Then, Richard and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the garden. Katie gave a snack to Richard
Afterwards Jeremy and Amber went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a snack to Amber
Afterwards, Jeremy and Lisa went to the station. Robert gave a basketball to Lisa
Then, Melissa and Stephen were working at the hospital. Jeffrey decided to give a drink to Stephen
Then Jessica and Paul were working at the school, and Sara decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then in the morning, Rebecca and Jessica had a lot of fun at the store. Allison gave a computer to Jessica
Then Benjamin and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Michael gave a bone to Benjamin
Then, Aaron and Richard went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a drink to Aaron
Then, Danielle and Kyle were working at the station. Justin decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Emily and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Emily
Then, Kevin and Christine were working at the store. Steven decided to give a kiss to Kevin
Then, Kelly and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Kelly
When soon afterwards Thomas and Courtney got a basketball at the hospital, Jamie decided to give it to Courtney
Afterwards, Dustin and Amber went to the hospital. Tyler gave a necklace to Dustin
Then Nicholas and Matthew were thinking about going to the station, and Charles wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then David and James had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to David
After the lunch Nicholas and Rachel went to the garden, and Katie gave a snack to Nicholas
Afterwards, Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a bone to Courtney
Then Tiffany and Michael were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Lauren wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
After the lunch Erin and Jennifer went to the house, and Nicole gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Gregory and Brandon had a long argument, and after that James said to Gregory
Then, Richard and Jamie were thinking about going to the restaurant. Amy wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Kyle and Danielle had a long argument and after that Jason said to Kyle
Then Bradley and Tyler were working at the hospital, and Melissa decided to give a bone to Bradley
Then in the morning, Travis and James were working at the store. Benjamin decided to give a kiss to James
Then, Lauren and Nicole were thinking about going to the store. Amber wanted to give a drink to Lauren
Then Katie and Steven had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Katie
Then in the morning, Emily and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Megan
Then in the morning, Kristen and Steven were thinking about going to the school. Patrick wanted to give a basketball to Steven
Then Melissa and Jesse were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Christina wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Afterwards, Nicole and Aaron went to the school. Bradley gave a drink to Nicole
Then, Samuel and Kelly were thinking about going to the store. Andrea wanted to give a bone to Samuel
Then, Cody and Emily went to the school. Joseph gave a ring to Cody
After the lunch Sara and Richard went to the restaurant, and Bradley gave a ring to Sara
Then, Brandon and Angela had a long argument and after that Erica said to Angela
Then, Adam and Timothy went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to Adam
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Richard got a computer at the hospital, Andrea decided to give it to Richard
Then Robert and Jeremy were thinking about going to the house, and Andrew wanted to give a computer to Robert
Afterwards, Aaron and Danielle went to the garden. Samuel gave a necklace to Danielle
Then, Allison and Ashley went to the school. Christina gave a bone to Allison
Then in the morning, Gregory and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Mary
Then David and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Lauren wanted to give a ring to Megan
After the lunch Lauren and Aaron went to the restaurant, and Kelly gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Jonathan and Kevin had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Rachel gave a bone to Kevin
Then Emily and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Nathan
Then Christina and Mark had a lot of fun at the office, and Matthew gave a computer to Mark
Then, Christina and Brittany had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Brittany
Then, Mary and Daniel had a long argument and after that Sean said to Mary
Then Andrew and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Andrew
Then, Scott and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house. Christine gave a necklace to Scott
While spending time together Kenneth and Tiffany were commuting to the garden, Kristen gave a snack to Tiffany
Then Kevin and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kevin
Then, Charles and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Charles
Then, Benjamin and Dustin had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Benjamin
Then Laura and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the office, and Bradley wanted to give a ring to Laura
Afterwards, while spending time together Elizabeth and Amber went to the restaurant. Christine gave a kiss to Amber
When soon afterwards Emily and Jennifer got a bone at the house, Bradley decided to give the bone to Jennifer
Then Andrea and Ashley went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Andrea
After the lunch Christina and Megan went to the office, and Kristen gave a drink to Megan
Then Rachel and Charles were thinking about going to the store, and Andrew wanted to give a drink to Charles
Then in the morning afterwards, Alexander and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Alicia
Then, Elizabeth and Lindsay were thinking about going to the school. Timothy wanted to give a kiss to Lindsay
Then, Jacob and Kyle had a lot of fun at the store. Benjamin gave a bone to Kyle
Afterwards, while spending time together Patrick and Charles went to the store. Anthony gave a computer to Charles
Then, James and Laura were working at the office. Michael decided to give a computer to Laura
Then Bradley and Jeremy were working at the office, and Jason decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Then Brittany and David had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Brittany
Then, Nicholas and Sarah had a lot of fun at the office. Crystal gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Andrea and Jeremy were working at the store, and William decided to give a necklace to Jeremy
Then, Elizabeth and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Charles
Then Lindsey and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to Lindsey
Then Travis and Sean were thinking about going to the station, and Jonathan wanted to give a bone to Travis
Afterwards Bradley and Anthony went to the office, and Emily gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Rebecca and Jamie went to the school, and Joseph gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards, Stephen and Jacob went to the station. Tiffany gave a drink to Jacob
Then Eric and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Eric
Then Sean and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Sean
Then, Timothy and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Timothy
While spending time together Danielle and Rachel were working at the garden, Tiffany gave a kiss to Rachel
Then Stephen and Samantha were thinking about going to the hospital, and Benjamin wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, William and Jeffrey went to the school. Christina gave a drink to Jeffrey
Then William and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to William
Then Ashley and Kelly had a lot of fun at the house, and Kenneth gave a snack to Ashley
Afterwards, while spending time together Tyler and Anthony went to the school. Kevin gave a snack to Anthony
Then Sara and Allison had a long argument, and after that Lisa said to Sara
After the lunch, Rachel and Nicholas went to the garden. Katie gave a snack to Nicholas
Afterwards Vanessa and Kyle went to the house, and Stephen gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Courtney and Jose had a lot of fun at the store. Nicole gave a necklace to Courtney
After the lunch, Rebecca and Katherine went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to Katherine
Then Lindsay and Angela went to the house, and John gave a drink to Lindsay
While spending time together Matthew and Amanda were working at the station, Cody gave a necklace to Amanda
Then, Timothy and Adam went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to Adam
Then Daniel and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Daniel
Then in the morning, Melissa and Kristen had a long argument, and afterwards Allison said to Kristen
Then Ryan and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Danielle
Then Robert and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Robert
After the lunch, Richard and Robert went to the store. Christine gave a drink to Richard
Then Bradley and Tiffany went to the garden, and Mary gave a snack to Tiffany
Then in the morning afterwards, Lisa and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Samuel
Then, Joseph and Shannon had a long argument and after that James said to Joseph
Afterwards Charles and Laura went to the garden, and Crystal gave a drink to Laura
Friends separated at birth Nathan and Kevin found a ring at the station. Christina gave it to Kevin
Then, Benjamin and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the house. Danielle gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Stephen and Lisa had a lot of fun at the station. Ryan gave a necklace to Lisa
Then Lindsey and Sarah had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Sarah
When soon afterwards Thomas and Erin got a drink at the station, Anthony decided to give the drink to Erin
Then Lauren and Christopher went to the office, and Tyler gave a ring to Lauren
Then, Timothy and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Timothy
Then, Stephanie and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Angela
Then Bryan and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
After the lunch Kelly and Kristen went to the office, and Christina gave a computer to Kelly
The local big restaurant Danielle and Amber went to had a bone. Bradley gave it to Amber
Then Jose and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Patrick
Then, Steven and Angela had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Angela
Then in the morning, Angela and Jamie went to the house. Andrea gave a drink to Jamie
Then Jamie and Megan were thinking about going to the hospital, and Kelly wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Then Anthony and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Anthony
After the lunch, Jeffrey and Paul went to the house. Eric gave a bone to Paul
Then, Bradley and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Katie
After the lunch, Alexander and Crystal went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a basketball to Alexander
Then Joseph and Kevin went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Joseph
Afterwards Danielle and Aaron went to the garden, and Samuel gave a necklace to Danielle
Afterwards Kristen and Angela went to the restaurant, and Richard gave a necklace to Angela
Then Brian and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Rebecca
Then Jennifer and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school, and Elizabeth gave a bone to Jennifer
Afterwards, while spending time together Melissa and Michelle went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a kiss to Michelle
Then, Elizabeth and Jason went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards Katie and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Kevin gave a bone to Jeremy
Then Emily and Richard were working at the hospital, and Kimberly decided to give a snack to Emily
Then, Amanda and Paul were working at the hospital. Cody decided to give a basketball to Paul
Then Gregory and David had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to David
Then in the morning, Timothy and Joseph went to the office. Emily gave a basketball to Joseph
Then Heather and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Elizabeth
Then Brian and John had a lot of fun at the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Brian
Then Kimberly and Travis went to the garden, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Kimberly
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsay and William went to the school. Kristen gave a snack to William
Then in the morning, Brian and Stephen were thinking about going to the garden. David wanted to give a snack to Stephen
After taking a long break Nathan and Katherine went to the house, Brandon gave a drink to Katherine
Then, Nicholas and Paul went to the school. Katherine gave a computer to Paul
Then, Jamie and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Jeremy
Then Dustin and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Anthony
After the lunch Patrick and Christopher went to the station, and Dustin gave a snack to Patrick
Then, Angela and Jesse had a long argument and after that Allison said to Angela
Then Sara and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Michelle
Then, Alicia and Jeffrey were working at the station. Steven decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then Joshua and Patrick went to the restaurant, and Heather gave a snack to Patrick
Then Melissa and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Melissa
Then Amanda and Joshua went to the house, and Samantha gave a kiss to Amanda
Afterwards Andrew and Shannon went to the school, and Anthony gave a ring to Andrew
Afterwards, Jesse and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Brian gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Bryan and Lisa were working at the restaurant. Jacob decided to give a computer to Bryan
Then, Brian and Rachel had a lot of fun at the house. Tiffany gave a basketball to Brian
When soon afterwards Gregory and David got a necklace at the restaurant, Andrea decided to give the necklace to David
Then, Sarah and Charles were working at the garden. Cody decided to give a kiss to Sarah
After the lunch Tyler and Paul went to the house, and John gave a snack to Tyler
Then Kelly and Aaron were working at the school, and Christina decided to give a kiss to Aaron
Then Ashley and Heather were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Erin wanted to give a basketball to Ashley
Then Vanessa and Stephen went to the school, and Cody gave a basketball to Vanessa
Afterwards, while spending time together Bryan and Christopher went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a basketball to Christopher
Afterwards Thomas and Scott went to the office, and Mary gave a kiss to Thomas
After taking a long break Christina and Sara went to the station, Aaron gave a snack to Sara
Then, Eric and Kenneth went to the hospital. Michelle gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards Jamie and Travis went to the school, and Katherine gave a bone to Jamie
Then Joseph and Scott went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a kiss to Joseph
After the lunch Paul and Brittany went to the restaurant, and Joshua gave a snack to Paul
Then Elizabeth and Katie had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Elizabeth
Then, Kimberly and Kristen had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Kimberly
Then Vanessa and Justin had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Justin
Then, Christine and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station. Nicole gave a kiss to Christine
Then, Adam and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Lindsey
Then Jason and Elizabeth went to the hospital, and Dustin gave a bone to Jason
Afterwards Brian and Patrick went to the station, and Amber gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Brittany and Charles had a lot of fun at the school. Dustin gave a kiss to Charles
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Angela went to the station. Nathan gave a ring to Angela
Then, Heather and Jacob were working at the office. Michael decided to give a ring to Heather
Then, Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Jennifer
Afterwards Richard and Stephen went to the school, and Gregory gave a bone to Richard
Then, Dustin and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Brittany gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards Alexander and David went to the restaurant, and Jose gave a bone to Alexander
Then, Kelly and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Kelly
After the lunch Justin and Lindsay went to the house, and Ashley gave a bone to Lindsay
Then, Jennifer and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school. Elizabeth gave a bone to Jennifer
Then, Jeremy and Robert were thinking about going to the house. Andrew wanted to give a computer to Robert
Then Brandon and Kimberly had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Kimberly
Then, Ryan and Danielle had a long argument and after that Erica said to Danielle
Then, William and James had a lot of fun at the school. Kimberly gave a ring to William
Then, Jesse and Eric had a lot of fun at the garden. Jacob gave a bone to Jesse
Then, Jeffrey and Alicia were working at the station. Steven decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Laura and Alexander had a lot of fun at the hospital. Steven gave a snack to Alexander
After the lunch, Angela and Patrick went to the station. Shannon gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Emily and Tiffany went to the station. Brandon gave a drink to Tiffany
Then, Nicole and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the office. Jonathan wanted to give a snack to Nicole
After the lunch Richard and Robert went to the store, and Christine gave a drink to Richard
Then, Joshua and Erica were thinking about going to the station. Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then, Joshua and Aaron went to the station. Steven gave a drink to Joshua
Afterwards, Paul and Erin went to the school. Allison gave a kiss to Paul
Then, James and Brandon had a long argument and after that Emily said to Brandon
Then Gregory and Adam were thinking about going to the house, and Erin wanted to give a drink to Gregory
Then, Katherine and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Katherine
Then John and Jacob had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Jacob
Then Cody and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Christine
Then Timothy and Katherine went to the store, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Katherine
Then, Lindsay and Jason had a long argument and after that Jose said to Lindsay
Then, Kelly and Brandon went to the school. Eric gave a ring to Kelly
While spending time together Gregory and Jose were working at the school, Benjamin gave a necklace to Jose
After the lunch, Nicole and Charles went to the school. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Gregory and Andrew went to the house. Sean gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Steven and Heather had a lot of fun at the office. Eric gave a computer to Heather
Afterwards, Tiffany and Stephen went to the office. Kelly gave a drink to Stephen
Then Megan and Tyler went to the garden, and Brittany gave a computer to Tyler
After the lunch, Scott and Thomas went to the school. Bryan gave a basketball to Scott
Then Nathan and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Nathan
Afterwards, Angela and Sarah went to the office. Lisa gave a drink to Angela
Then, Erin and Tiffany went to the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Sara and Jessica were working at the office. Lindsay decided to give a bone to Jessica
Afterwards, Kristen and Michael went to the store. Benjamin gave a computer to Michael
Then Kelly and Bradley had a long argument, and after that Erica said to Kelly
Then Sara and Kevin went to the station, and Brittany gave a bone to Sara
Then, Richard and Ashley were working at the office. Amber decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then Michelle and Mark went to the restaurant, and Kyle gave a kiss to Michelle
While spending time together Adam and Sara were commuting to the hospital, Laura gave a kiss to Sara
Afterwards, Benjamin and Katie went to the hospital. Kevin gave a computer to Katie
Then, Lindsey and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden. Megan wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
After the lunch, Michelle and Joshua went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a drink to Michelle
After the lunch Patrick and Robert went to the station, and Bradley gave a basketball to Patrick
Then David and Erin were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jessica wanted to give a computer to David
Then, Lindsay and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Lindsay
Then Kenneth and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Kenneth
Then Samuel and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Samuel
Then, Brian and Paul had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Brian
Afterwards, Shannon and Mark went to the hospital. Jason gave a kiss to Shannon
Then in the morning, Kevin and Patrick were working at the house. Amber decided to give a kiss to Patrick
Then, Jacob and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the hospital. Kevin gave a necklace to Kenneth
Then Thomas and Kelly went to the station, and Joseph gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Lindsay and Scott had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Scott
Then Michelle and Christina were thinking about going to the store, and Erica wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then, Aaron and Erin had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Aaron
Afterwards, Bradley and Jeffrey went to the house. Jesse gave a necklace to Bradley
Then Adam and James were working at the office, and Heather decided to give a bone to Adam
Then, Jeremy and Bradley were working at the office. Jason decided to give a necklace to Bradley
Friends separated at birth Erica and Dustin found a kiss at the office. Katie gave it to Dustin
Afterwards, Sara and Melissa went to the school. Lindsay gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Emily and Aaron were working at the house, and Joshua decided to give a bone to Emily
Then Mary and Sean had a lot of fun at the station, and Jesse gave a necklace to Mary
Then Amber and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Amber
Then, Mark and Nathan were working at the station. Amanda decided to give a bone to Nathan
Afterwards Christina and Michael went to the restaurant, and Matthew gave a drink to Michael
The local big hospital Katie and Lindsay went to had a computer. Jonathan gave it to Lindsay
Then, Danielle and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Danielle
Then Eric and Aaron went to the store, and Brandon gave a ring to Eric
After the lunch Joshua and Jonathan went to the station, and Katherine gave a basketball to Joshua
Then, Crystal and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office. Patrick wanted to give a ring to Jeremy
While spending time together Andrea and Cody were working at the station, Christina gave a kiss to Cody
Then Travis and Amber went to the station, and Heather gave a kiss to Travis
Then Jeremy and Sean were working at the school, and Heather decided to give a computer to Sean
Afterwards, Angela and Kristen went to the restaurant. Richard gave a necklace to Angela
Then, Michelle and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Stephanie
Then, Ashley and Michelle were working at the restaurant. Paul decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Then Jonathan and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden, and Allison gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Elizabeth and John went to the house, and Lauren gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Jessica and Jose went to the house, and Justin gave a bone to Jessica
Then Stephen and Lisa had a lot of fun at the station, and Ryan gave a necklace to Lisa
While spending time together Adam and Jacob were working at the garden, Steven gave a computer to Jacob
When soon afterwards Jose and Patrick got a drink at the garden, Scott decided to give the drink to Patrick
After the lunch, Scott and Lindsay went to the school. Ashley gave a ring to Lindsay
Afterwards Eric and Ryan went to the store, and Steven gave a bone to Ryan
Then, Vanessa and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Kimberly gave a snack to Thomas
Then Kristen and Emily went to the office, and Erin gave a basketball to Kristen
Then, Benjamin and Stephen were working at the restaurant. Amy decided to give a drink to Benjamin
While spending time together Angela and Thomas were commuting to the house, Stephen gave a computer to Thomas
Then, Erin and Daniel went to the house. Robert gave a ring to Daniel
After the lunch, Lindsey and Nathan went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a bone to Lindsey
Then, Samantha and Katherine went to the office. Jeffrey gave a necklace to Samantha
Then, Sara and Michael were thinking about going to the station. Jason wanted to give a bone to Michael
After the lunch, Rachel and Michael went to the garden. Eric gave a snack to Michael
Then, Erin and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Sarah gave a ring to Erin
Then, David and Amber were thinking about going to the school. Stephanie wanted to give a bone to David
Then, Dustin and Andrew were working at the office. John decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Samuel and Angela had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a computer to Angela
After taking a long break Thomas and Kyle went to the store, Katherine gave a drink to Kyle
Then, Anthony and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Sara gave a computer to Anthony
Then Vanessa and Tiffany were working at the station, and Nathan decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
The local big garden Jessica and Jennifer went to had a necklace. Nicole gave it to Jennifer
Then Tiffany and Samuel had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Lindsey gave a ring to Tiffany
Afterwards, Tiffany and Kelly went to the office. Christopher gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Angela and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Charles
After taking a long break Lindsay and David went to the house, Jesse gave a basketball to David
Afterwards Travis and Jamie went to the school, and Katherine gave a bone to Jamie
Then Christina and Nicholas went to the restaurant, and Samantha gave a necklace to Christina
Then Richard and Ashley were working at the office, and Amber decided to give a necklace to Ashley
Afterwards Scott and Thomas went to the office, and Mary gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Nicole and Amanda had a lot of fun at the school, and Lauren gave a ring to Nicole
Then Bryan and Amber went to the store, and Crystal gave a basketball to Amber
Then, Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Katherine
After the lunch Michael and Lindsay went to the school, and Brian gave a snack to Michael
After the lunch, Nicholas and Jonathan went to the hospital. Sarah gave a ring to Jonathan
Then Jessica and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Stephen
Then, Katie and Joseph had a lot of fun at the station. Jesse gave a kiss to Joseph
After the lunch Paul and Benjamin went to the station, and Heather gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Courtney and Elizabeth were working at the station. Steven decided to give a computer to Courtney
After the lunch Lindsey and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Lindsey
Then, Crystal and Ryan went to the hospital. William gave a snack to Crystal
Then, Danielle and Crystal were working at the hospital. Jamie decided to give a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, while spending time together Laura and Elizabeth went to the garden. Tyler gave a ring to Elizabeth
Afterwards Benjamin and Michael went to the station, and Bryan gave a bone to Benjamin
Then, Timothy and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Rebecca gave a snack to Timothy
Then Jacob and Adam were thinking about going to the office, and Scott wanted to give a necklace to Adam
Then in the morning, Andrea and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Jacob
The local big store Rebecca and Brittany went to had a kiss. Bradley gave it to Brittany
After the lunch, Erin and Andrea went to the hospital. Samuel gave a drink to Erin
Then, Alicia and Anthony went to the school. Christina gave a snack to Alicia
While spending time together Michael and Gregory were commuting to the school, Richard gave a basketball to Gregory
When soon afterwards Erin and Amber got a kiss at the restaurant, Kimberly decided to give the kiss to Amber
After the lunch William and Robert went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a bone to William
Then Jessica and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Jessica
When soon afterwards Scott and Rebecca got a ring at the garden, Erin decided to give it to Rebecca
The local big restaurant Katherine and Samuel went to had a bone. Megan gave it to Samuel
Then, Christine and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Mary
Then Samuel and Mary were working at the school, and Kevin decided to give a computer to Samuel
Then, Jamie and Megan were thinking about going to the hospital. Kelly wanted to give a drink to Jamie
When soon afterwards Bradley and Melissa got a necklace at the store, Justin decided to give it to Melissa
Then Michelle and Paul had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Michelle
Then Bradley and Brandon had a lot of fun at the store, and Ryan gave a snack to Bradley
Then, Danielle and Bryan were working at the house. Tiffany decided to give a necklace to Danielle
Afterwards, Courtney and Lindsay went to the store. James gave a kiss to Lindsay
Afterwards, Stephen and Richard went to the school. Gregory gave a bone to Richard
Then Mary and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Mary
After the lunch, Kyle and Paul went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to Kyle
The local big house Thomas and Megan went to had a basketball. Erica gave it to Megan
Afterwards Lauren and Charles went to the office, and Allison gave a kiss to Lauren
After the lunch, Travis and Steven went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards, Ashley and Rachel went to the house. Mary gave a ring to Ashley
Then William and Alexander had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jason gave a bone to William
After the lunch, Nicholas and Christina went to the station. Patrick gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Bradley and Charles had a lot of fun at the station. Michelle gave a bone to Charles
Then, Brian and Timothy had a lot of fun at the office. Tyler gave a bone to Brian
Then Mark and Lindsay were thinking about going to the garden, and Scott wanted to give a kiss to Mark
When soon afterwards William and Brandon got a necklace at the school, Andrea decided to give it to Brandon
Then, Sean and Jose had a long argument and after that Justin said to Sean
Afterwards Angela and Patrick went to the house, and Melissa gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch Joseph and Kelly went to the restaurant, and Rachel gave a kiss to Joseph
Afterwards, Robert and Kenneth went to the station. Emily gave a snack to Robert
Then in the morning, David and Kristen were thinking about going to the store. Michael wanted to give a computer to Kristen
After the lunch Bryan and Mary went to the garden, and Michelle gave a bone to Bryan
Then, Dustin and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Dustin
Then, Christopher and James were working at the garden. Kimberly decided to give a kiss to Christopher
Then, Sara and Katherine went to the house. Stephen gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Timothy and Crystal had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Timothy
Then Tyler and Erica were thinking about going to the store, and Emily wanted to give a bone to Tyler
After taking a long break Vanessa and Justin went to the school, Jennifer gave a necklace to Justin
After the lunch, Ryan and Vanessa went to the store. Samuel gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Kelly and Shannon were working at the store, and Richard decided to give a basketball to Shannon
Then, Tiffany and Michael were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
Then, Mark and Shannon were thinking about going to the office. Sean wanted to give a computer to Shannon
Then Joshua and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Joshua
Then, Kristen and Lisa had a lot of fun at the hospital. Crystal gave a ring to Kristen
Afterwards Sara and Michael went to the garden, and Anthony gave a necklace to Michael
When soon afterwards Christine and Vanessa got a drink at the restaurant, Ryan decided to give it to Vanessa
Afterwards Sara and Joshua went to the station, and Timothy gave a basketball to Sara
Then Benjamin and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Benjamin
Then Lisa and Bryan were working at the restaurant, and Jacob decided to give a computer to Bryan
Then, Sarah and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Mark said to Sarah
Then, David and Dustin were thinking about going to the station. Melissa wanted to give a snack to David
After the lunch Jessica and Kenneth went to the restaurant, and Alexander gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Erin and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Erin
Then Cody and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the garden, and Joseph gave a bone to Rebecca
Afterwards Jason and Ashley went to the hospital, and Bradley gave a necklace to Jason
Afterwards Emily and Sean went to the garden, and Crystal gave a ring to Emily
After the lunch, Ashley and Patrick went to the house. Jamie gave a snack to Patrick
Then Crystal and Courtney had a long argument, and after that Scott said to Courtney
Friends separated at birth Robert and Jonathan found a ring at the house. Angela gave it to Jonathan
Then, Erica and Thomas were working at the store. Laura decided to give a drink to Erica
Then Angela and Adam were working at the store, and John decided to give a bone to Angela
Then, Andrew and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the garden. Mark gave a kiss to Andrew
While spending time together Lisa and Allison were commuting to the school, Travis gave a necklace to Allison
Then, Emily and David had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to David
Then, Angela and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Charles
Then, Justin and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school. William wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then Emily and Jesse went to the school, and Cody gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Erica and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Brandon gave a computer to Erica
Then, Lindsay and Samuel had a long argument and after that Christopher said to Samuel
Afterwards, Gregory and Brandon went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to Gregory
Then Aaron and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Aaron
Afterwards, Eric and Amanda went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Kevin and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Kevin
Then, Eric and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Eric
Then Brian and Patrick had a lot of fun at the station, and Adam gave a basketball to Brian
Then, Erin and Courtney went to the office. Aaron gave a ring to Erin
While spending time together Courtney and Kyle were commuting to the garden, Jonathan gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Elizabeth and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Jonathan
Afterwards Aaron and Nicole went to the school, and Bradley gave a drink to Nicole
Then, Mary and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Mary
Then in the morning, Steven and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Katie
Then Matthew and Brittany went to the station, and Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
Then Tiffany and Erin had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Anthony and Rebecca got a ring at the hospital, Kenneth decided to give it to Rebecca
Then Joshua and Anthony were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a snack to Anthony
Then in the morning, Nathan and Laura were working at the garden. Mary decided to give a bone to Laura
Then Patrick and Aaron went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Patrick
Then in the morning, Dustin and Mark went to the house. Kevin gave a snack to Mark
Then Joseph and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Joseph
Then Angela and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Lauren
Then in the morning, Amber and Thomas went to the station. Paul gave a snack to Thomas
Afterwards Brian and Anthony went to the school, and Amanda gave a computer to Brian
When soon afterwards Melissa and Michelle got a snack at the garden, Nicholas decided to give the snack to Michelle
Then, Amber and Kristen were working at the store. Erica decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Afterwards, while spending time together Kenneth and Ryan went to the house. Dustin gave a ring to Ryan
Then, Danielle and Jeremy were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jeremy
Then Jeremy and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Charles said to Nicole
Friends separated at birth William and Jeffrey found a drink at the school. Benjamin gave it to Jeffrey
Then, Brandon and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house. Kenneth gave a bone to Brandon
While spending time together Robert and Nicole were working at the store, Stephanie gave a bone to Nicole
Then, Ashley and Samantha had a lot of fun at the garden. Tiffany gave a ring to Samantha
Then Sean and Richard were thinking about going to the store, and Daniel wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Afterwards, Jeremy and Kenneth went to the station. Rachel gave a snack to Kenneth
Then James and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards William said to James
After the lunch, Vanessa and Ashley went to the school. Dustin gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Heather and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Elizabeth
Then Jonathan and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Jonathan
Then Benjamin and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Benjamin
Then, Matthew and Brittany went to the station. Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
The local big house Daniel and Jose went to had a computer. Joseph gave it to Jose
When soon afterwards Ryan and Erin got a ring at the station, Michael decided to give the ring to Erin
Then Thomas and Paul were working at the store, and Jesse decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Then, Angela and Brandon had a long argument and after that Erica said to Angela
Afterwards Lindsey and Lauren went to the office, and Kenneth gave a computer to Lindsey
Friends separated at birth Jamie and Anthony found a computer at the garden. Jose gave it to Anthony
After the lunch in the afternoon, Stephanie and Rebecca went to the store. Christine gave a kiss to Rebecca
While spending time together Cody and Travis were commuting to the school, James gave a ring to Travis
Then, Eric and Lauren went to the store. Shannon gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Thomas and Aaron were thinking about going to the store. Nicole wanted to give a bone to Thomas
Then Gregory and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Timothy
Then, Rachel and Brian had a lot of fun at the house. Tiffany gave a basketball to Brian
Then Jacob and Dustin had a lot of fun at the store, and Brittany gave a basketball to Dustin
Then Kenneth and Charles had a lot of fun at the school, and Nicholas gave a snack to Kenneth
Then, Patrick and Elizabeth were working at the store. Michael decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Vanessa and Shannon were thinking about going to the house, and Amber wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then, Nicholas and Katie were working at the garden. Joshua decided to give a computer to Nicholas
After taking a long break Ashley and Vanessa went to the school, Anthony gave a computer to Vanessa
Then Thomas and Daniel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then John and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Joshua
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Stephen went to the hospital. Kevin gave a bone to Stephen
Afterwards Heather and Joshua went to the house, and Christopher gave a basketball to Heather
After the lunch, Rebecca and Jessica went to the store. Courtney gave a basketball to Rebecca
While spending time together John and Patrick were working at the garden, Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Christina and Benjamin had a long argument and after that David said to Benjamin
After the lunch Lindsey and Nathan went to the store, and Benjamin gave a necklace to Lindsey
After the lunch, Jason and Eric went to the garden. William gave a kiss to Jason
After the lunch in the afternoon, Sara and Cody went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Cody
Afterwards, Angela and Thomas went to the station. Benjamin gave a snack to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and Rachel went to the restaurant. Heather gave a computer to Rachel
Friends separated at birth Lauren and Angela found a snack at the house. Ryan gave it to Angela
After taking a long break Sean and Charles went to the house, Jacob gave a bone to Charles
Then in the morning, Timothy and Joseph were thinking about going to the store. Scott wanted to give a bone to Joseph
Then, Jeremy and Kristen had a long argument and after that Justin said to Kristen
Afterwards, while spending time together Bryan and David went to the store. Jennifer gave a drink to David
Then, Christine and Megan were thinking about going to the station. Erica wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then in the morning, Bradley and Cody went to the office. Matthew gave a computer to Cody
Then Christina and Elizabeth were working at the restaurant, and Erica decided to give a snack to Christina
Then Jennifer and Megan had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Megan
After the lunch, Shannon and Stephen went to the hospital. Cody gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards Steven and Samantha went to the office, and Charles gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Cody and Timothy were working at the house, and Ryan decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Jacob and Gregory were thinking about going to the store, and Jose wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Then Thomas and Amber went to the station, and Sarah gave a snack to Thomas
Then Aaron and Sean were working at the hospital, and Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Jose and John were working at the school, and Alicia decided to give a bone to Jose
After the lunch, Mary and Megan went to the store. Richard gave a bone to Mary
Then, Alexander and David had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Alexander
Then, Matthew and Angela had a lot of fun at the school. Mark gave a snack to Matthew
While spending time together Crystal and Christopher were working at the restaurant, Scott gave a kiss to Christopher
After the lunch, Andrea and Shannon went to the restaurant. Robert gave a snack to Andrea
Then Jose and Paul were thinking about going to the garden, and Amber wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then Charles and Shannon were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Allison wanted to give a necklace to Charles
After the lunch in the afternoon, Scott and Lisa went to the garden. Shannon gave a necklace to Lisa
Afterwards, Brian and Christine went to the store. Jennifer gave a bone to Brian
Then Erin and David were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jessica wanted to give a computer to David
Then, Jonathan and Sean were thinking about going to the store. Benjamin wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then Aaron and Gregory were thinking about going to the store, and Steven wanted to give a necklace to Aaron
Then Joshua and Amanda went to the house, and Samantha gave a kiss to Amanda
Afterwards, Stephen and Andrea went to the garden. William gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, Kimberly and Stephen were thinking about going to the station. Crystal wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
Then Anthony and John had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to John
Afterwards, Kevin and Katherine went to the school. Scott gave a drink to Kevin
Then Jonathan and Heather went to the store, and Crystal gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Rebecca and Aaron had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Aaron
After the lunch Tiffany and Alicia went to the store, and Sara gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Erin and Ashley were working at the station. Kenneth decided to give a drink to Erin
Then Joshua and John had a long argument, and after that Alexander said to Joshua
Then, Laura and Nathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a drink to Laura
Then, Katherine and Michelle were thinking about going to the garden. Aaron wanted to give a snack to Katherine
Afterwards, while spending time together Travis and Joshua went to the station. Crystal gave a computer to Joshua
Then, Charles and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Rachel
Then Michelle and Ryan went to the office, and Lindsey gave a drink to Ryan
Then, Angela and Bryan were thinking about going to the house. Michael wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then, Christina and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Andrew
Afterwards, Lindsey and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a drink to Lindsey
After the lunch Aaron and Lauren went to the restaurant, and Kelly gave a necklace to Aaron
Then Thomas and Aaron were thinking about going to the store, and Nicole wanted to give a bone to Thomas
Then in the morning, David and Nathan went to the restaurant. Laura gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Sean and Jeremy were working at the school. Heather decided to give a computer to Sean
Then Tyler and Travis had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Travis
Then Erica and Tyler were thinking about going to the store, and Emily wanted to give a bone to Tyler
While spending time together Lauren and Jennifer were commuting to the hospital, Christina gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Daniel and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Dustin
Then, Matthew and Jessica were thinking about going to the office. Amanda wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then, Erin and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Tiffany wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then William and Stephen went to the garden, and Richard gave a computer to Stephen
After the lunch, James and Christina went to the garden. David gave a drink to Christina
Afterwards, David and Courtney went to the hospital. Samantha gave a snack to Courtney
Then Samantha and John had a lot of fun at the house, and Jamie gave a bone to John
After the lunch Rebecca and Jessica went to the store, and Courtney gave a basketball to Rebecca
Then Amanda and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Amanda
Then in the morning, Danielle and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Kyle
Then Richard and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Richard
Then, William and Bryan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Bradley gave a bone to William
Then, Brian and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Emily said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Bradley and Tyler were thinking about going to the school. Robert wanted to give a necklace to Tyler
After the lunch, Ryan and Amy went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to Ryan
Then, Nicole and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Nicole
Then Benjamin and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Benjamin
Afterwards, Rachel and Lisa went to the house. Joshua gave a bone to Lisa
Then Joshua and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Joshua
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicole and Amber went to the office. Nathan gave a snack to Amber
Then Alicia and John were working at the office, and Jacob decided to give a bone to John
Afterwards Christina and Crystal went to the house, and Jamie gave a kiss to Christina
Then, Tiffany and Erin went to the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Alexander and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the garden. Gregory gave a basketball to Vanessa
Afterwards, while spending time together Adam and Christine went to the office. Christina gave a basketball to Christine
Afterwards, while spending time together Adam and Mark went to the hospital. Robert gave a bone to Mark
Then James and Jessica had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Jessica
Then Sara and Jessica were working at the office, and Lindsay decided to give a bone to Jessica
Then, Amy and Kristen had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Kristen
Then Jennifer and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sean gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Alexander and Benjamin had a long argument and after that Laura said to Alexander
Then Shannon and Katherine went to the store, and Justin gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning, Michelle and Brandon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to Brandon
Then Danielle and John were thinking about going to the garden, and Bryan wanted to give a bone to John
Then Robert and Erin had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Erin
Friends separated at birth Erin and Jessica found a necklace at the store. Ashley gave it to Jessica
Afterwards, while spending time together Christopher and Nathan went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a computer to Nathan
After the lunch, Kristen and Laura went to the hospital. Heather gave a ring to Kristen
After the lunch Tiffany and Benjamin went to the store, and Thomas gave a drink to Benjamin
Then Kelly and Lindsay went to the school, and Elizabeth gave a snack to Lindsay
Then, Shannon and Steven had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Shannon
Then in the morning, Adam and Travis went to the store. Jason gave a kiss to Travis
Then, Steven and Kristen were working at the garden. David decided to give a basketball to Kristen
Then in the morning, Stephen and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Nicole
Then, Rebecca and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Benjamin
Then Justin and Katherine were thinking about going to the garden, and Vanessa wanted to give a kiss to Justin
Then, Amber and David had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to David
The local big school Nicole and Heather went to had a necklace. Scott gave it to Heather
Then Tiffany and Samuel had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jessica gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Michael and James had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Michael
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Joseph went to the restaurant. Steven gave a snack to Joseph
Then Stephanie and Anthony went to the hospital, and Joseph gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Stephen and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Stephen
Then Amanda and Heather were thinking about going to the house, and Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Heather
Afterwards Christopher and Christina went to the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Ryan and Lindsay were thinking about going to the store. Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Lindsay
Then, Kristen and Amber were working at the office. Shannon decided to give a ring to Amber
After the lunch, Nathan and William went to the hospital. Shannon gave a kiss to William
Then, Rebecca and Jamie went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Kyle and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Matthew
Afterwards Kenneth and Jeremy went to the station, and Rachel gave a snack to Kenneth
Then Travis and Mary were working at the store, and Ryan decided to give a snack to Mary
Afterwards Christina and Katherine went to the school, and Christopher gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch, Jesse and Lauren went to the school. Lisa gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Travis and Tyler had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Travis
Then, Mark and Michelle had a lot of fun at the station. Brian gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Michelle and Mark had a lot of fun at the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Jacob and Mary went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Jacob
Then, Aaron and Eric went to the store. Brandon gave a ring to Eric
Afterwards, Steven and Samantha went to the office. Charles gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Alexander and Kevin had a long argument and after that Adam said to Alexander
Then Jose and Mark had a lot of fun at the store, and Christopher gave a snack to Jose
Then Angela and Anthony had a lot of fun at the station, and John gave a snack to Anthony
Afterwards Robert and Kenneth went to the station, and Emily gave a snack to Robert
Then, Nathan and Elizabeth were working at the station. Laura decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Michael and Tyler went to the hospital. Danielle gave a ring to Michael
Afterwards, Mary and Jeffrey went to the school. Nathan gave a computer to Mary
Afterwards, Charles and Laura went to the garden. Crystal gave a drink to Laura
Then Christina and Kyle were working at the station, and Shannon decided to give a computer to Christina
Afterwards Aaron and Cody went to the garden, and Megan gave a drink to Cody
Afterwards Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a snack to Amber
Afterwards Lindsey and Gregory went to the hospital, and Kimberly gave a necklace to Gregory
While spending time together Stephanie and Alexander were commuting to the school, Courtney gave a snack to Alexander
Then, Danielle and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Danielle
Then Patrick and Joshua went to the restaurant, and Heather gave a snack to Patrick
Then Katherine and Gregory went to the station, and Lindsay gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to Matthew
After the lunch, Thomas and Kyle went to the store. Adam gave a drink to Kyle
Then Nathan and Bradley had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Bradley
Then, Nathan and Mark were working at the station. Amanda decided to give a bone to Nathan
Then Dustin and Jacob had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Dustin
Then, Adam and Alexander had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a basketball to Alexander
Then, Justin and William had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Justin
After taking a long break Nicole and Alexander went to the station, Courtney gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Ryan and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Sarah
Afterwards, Jamie and Travis went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Scott and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Steven said to Scott
After the lunch Erin and Nicholas went to the office, and Christina gave a necklace to Nicholas
Then Anthony and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station, and Sara gave a computer to Anthony
Then Jesse and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Jesse
Then, Paul and Melissa were thinking about going to the school. Lisa wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then, Daniel and Heather were thinking about going to the office. Melissa wanted to give a computer to Heather
Then, Lisa and Katie had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Lisa
Then, Jesse and Allison had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Jesse
After the lunch Christina and Nicholas went to the station, and Patrick gave a basketball to Christina
After the lunch, Lindsay and Shannon went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Christopher and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Timothy
Then, Matthew and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Matthew
Then Danielle and Richard had a lot of fun at the station, and Cody gave a basketball to Danielle
Then, Katherine and Megan were thinking about going to the station. Kristen wanted to give a kiss to Katherine
Then in the morning, Brandon and Patrick were thinking about going to the station. Michelle wanted to give a snack to Patrick
Then, Gregory and Jesse went to the store. Justin gave a ring to Gregory
Then Samantha and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Samantha
Then, David and Erin were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jessica wanted to give a computer to David
Then, Daniel and Lisa went to the office. Aaron gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch, Mark and Mary went to the school. Melissa gave a drink to Mary
Then Rachel and Brian had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Brian
Then Elizabeth and Laura were thinking about going to the office, and Bradley wanted to give a ring to Laura
After the lunch, Bradley and Alicia went to the office. Vanessa gave a computer to Alicia
Then Daniel and Erin were thinking about going to the house, and Tiffany wanted to give a necklace to Erin
Then, Ryan and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Bryan
Then Matthew and Daniel went to the office, and Brian gave a kiss to Daniel
While spending time together Jose and Nicholas were working at the office, Tyler gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Lindsey and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Lindsey
After the lunch Lindsay and Scott went to the school, and Ashley gave a ring to Lindsay
Then, Katherine and Shannon went to the store. Justin gave a computer to Katherine
Then Rebecca and Katherine were working at the restaurant, and Aaron decided to give a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch Elizabeth and Michael went to the station, and Erin gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Tiffany and Nicole were thinking about going to the house. Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
After the lunch, Alicia and Travis went to the store. Elizabeth gave a ring to Alicia
Afterwards, Samuel and Tiffany went to the store. Jessica gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Michael and Jason were working at the hospital, and Nicole decided to give a ring to Michael
Afterwards Gregory and Emily went to the store, and David gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Elizabeth and Nicole were thinking about going to the store. Crystal wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
Then, Kristen and Nicole went to the store. Alicia gave a ring to Kristen
When soon afterwards Gregory and Amy got a snack at the station, Kenneth decided to give the snack to Amy
After the lunch Cody and Robert went to the school, and Brandon gave a bone to Robert
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsay gave a bone to Jennifer
Then Alicia and Anthony went to the school, and Christina gave a snack to Alicia
After the lunch, Stephen and Samantha went to the office. Sarah gave a necklace to Samantha
Afterwards, while spending time together Jamie and Mark went to the station. Kelly gave a necklace to Mark
Then, Nathan and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Nathan
When soon afterwards Jessica and Stephen got a necklace at the restaurant, Nicholas decided to give the necklace to Stephen
Afterwards Nicole and Richard went to the hospital, and Travis gave a drink to Richard
After the lunch Stephanie and Katherine went to the house, and Erin gave a drink to Stephanie
Then, Amy and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the garden. James gave a necklace to Amy
After the lunch, Stephanie and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a computer to Stephanie
Then, Tiffany and Bradley went to the garden. Mary gave a snack to Tiffany
Then, Thomas and Paul were working at the store. Jesse decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Then, Katherine and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Sean
After the lunch, Nicholas and Sara went to the station. Travis gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then Anthony and Richard were working at the school, and Tiffany decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then Lisa and Joseph had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Joseph
Afterwards, Kelly and Cody went to the office. Anthony gave a snack to Kelly
Then Brittany and Charles had a lot of fun at the school, and Dustin gave a kiss to Charles
Then, Kristen and Alicia were working at the hospital. Michelle decided to give a drink to Alicia
Afterwards Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant, and Brandon gave a bone to Courtney
Then, Brittany and Christina had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Brittany
Afterwards Charles and Lauren went to the office, and Allison gave a kiss to Lauren
Then, Jacob and Dustin had a lot of fun at the store. Brittany gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards, Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office. Michael gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Tiffany and Allison were thinking about going to the garden, and Kristen wanted to give a snack to Tiffany
Afterwards, Danielle and Aaron went to the garden. Samuel gave a necklace to Danielle
Then Amy and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the garden, and James gave a necklace to Amy
Then, Elizabeth and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Elizabeth
Then, Laura and Michelle were thinking about going to the store. Kristen wanted to give a drink to Laura
Afterwards, Danielle and Lindsay went to the station. John gave a basketball to Danielle
Then Jamie and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to Jamie
Then, Aaron and Patrick went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Joshua and Amanda went to the house. Samantha gave a kiss to Amanda
Then, Brittany and John were thinking about going to the house. Brandon wanted to give a computer to John
Then Shannon and Amber had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Shannon
Then Andrew and Stephen were working at the house, and Megan decided to give a computer to Andrew
Then Timothy and Adam went to the station, and Jeremy gave a snack to Adam
Then Timothy and Jason were thinking about going to the station, and Adam wanted to give a computer to Jason
Then, Timothy and Rachel were thinking about going to the office. David wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Then Tyler and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house, and Nathan gave a bone to Tyler
Then, Heather and Amanda were thinking about going to the house. Joseph wanted to give a kiss to Heather
Then, James and Robert were thinking about going to the office. Lisa wanted to give a bone to James
Then, Michelle and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Vanessa gave a ring to Michelle
While spending time together Jose and Angela were commuting to the restaurant, Lindsey gave a computer to Angela
Then, Melissa and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Then, Rebecca and Alicia were working at the school. Scott decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then James and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to James
Then, Jason and Alicia were thinking about going to the school. Matthew wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Samantha and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the school. Nicole gave a kiss to Samantha
After the lunch Paul and Jeffrey went to the house, and Eric gave a bone to Paul
Then Charles and Rachel were thinking about going to the store, and Andrew wanted to give a drink to Charles
After the lunch, Dustin and Katie went to the garden. Kevin gave a kiss to Dustin
Then, Alicia and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Samantha
Then, Michael and Kenneth were thinking about going to the store. Rebecca wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then Richard and Daniel were thinking about going to the school, and Jason wanted to give a kiss to Richard
When soon afterwards Jose and Jason got a necklace at the school, Michael decided to give the necklace to Jason
Afterwards David and Angela went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a computer to Angela
Then Kelly and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Kelly
Then, Andrea and Ashley went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Andrea
Afterwards, Anthony and Jessica went to the office. Brandon gave a bone to Anthony
After the lunch, Christina and Allison went to the station. Eric gave a kiss to Christina
Then Rachel and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Samantha
Then, Dustin and Mark had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Dustin
Afterwards Jamie and Angela went to the office, and Kristen gave a drink to Jamie
Then Rebecca and Thomas were working at the school, and Gregory decided to give a necklace to Thomas
Then, Lauren and Angela had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Lauren
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Christopher went to the house. Sean gave a kiss to Christopher
Then Jamie and Christine had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Thomas gave a necklace to Jamie
Then, Christina and Ashley were working at the school. Benjamin decided to give a kiss to Ashley
After the lunch, Brandon and Jonathan went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Brandon
Then Kyle and James had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Jacob and Joshua were working at the restaurant. Amy decided to give a ring to Jacob
Then Matthew and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Lindsey
After the lunch Crystal and Allison went to the station, and Stephanie gave a drink to Crystal
Then in the morning, Erin and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Katherine
Then, Cody and Timothy were working at the house. Ryan decided to give a necklace to Cody
Then Aaron and Erin had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Aaron
After the lunch Rebecca and John went to the store, and Lauren gave a snack to Rebecca
Then Jamie and Paul had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Jamie
Then, Lindsey and Melissa had a long argument and after that Allison said to Melissa
Afterwards, Travis and Jamie went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Megan and Jamie were thinking about going to the hospital. Kelly wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Then Jeffrey and Dustin were thinking about going to the office, and Melissa wanted to give a kiss to Jeffrey
Then Michelle and Andrew had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Samuel gave a computer to Michelle
Afterwards Aaron and Danielle went to the garden, and Samuel gave a necklace to Danielle
Then Christine and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Alexander
Then, Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant. Brian gave a computer to Danielle
Then in the morning, Jamie and Kenneth went to the office. Jeremy gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Robert and William had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to William
Then, Adam and Christopher went to the school. Jose gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Jose and Kristen went to the school, and Andrea gave a computer to Jose
Then Angela and Jesse were thinking about going to the station, and Lindsey wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then, Thomas and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Katherine
Afterwards Michael and Christina went to the restaurant, and Matthew gave a drink to Michael
Then Stephen and William went to the garden, and Richard gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Michael and Tiffany were thinking about going to the restaurant. Lauren wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
Then, Elizabeth and Christina were working at the restaurant. Erica decided to give a snack to Christina
Then Jose and Michelle went to the restaurant, and Timothy gave a bone to Jose
Then Jeremy and Kevin went to the house, and Heather gave a necklace to Jeremy
The local big garden Angela and Brandon went to had a drink. Brian gave it to Brandon
After the lunch, Kelly and Michael went to the school. Bradley gave a ring to Kelly
Then Stephen and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Amber
Then Samantha and Katherine were working at the hospital, and Justin decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Amanda and Ryan went to the house, and Jesse gave a kiss to Ryan
Then Daniel and David went to the house, and Jesse gave a drink to Daniel
Then Jacob and Bryan were working at the office, and Ashley decided to give a snack to Jacob
Then Michelle and Timothy had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Michelle
Afterwards Cody and Kelly went to the office, and Anthony gave a snack to Kelly
Then Danielle and Amber were working at the restaurant, and Tiffany decided to give a bone to Amber
Then Travis and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Travis
Then Samuel and Angela had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a computer to Angela
Then, Michelle and Mark had a lot of fun at the station. Brian gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Stephen and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the house, and Anthony gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Alicia and Daniel went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Alicia
Then Patrick and Justin went to the school, and Ashley gave a necklace to Patrick
While spending time together Ryan and Allison were commuting to the house, Travis gave a snack to Allison
Then Charles and Erin had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Charles
Then Jeremy and Kimberly were thinking about going to the office, and Jessica wanted to give a drink to Kimberly
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Joseph got a drink at the hospital, Jeremy decided to give it to Joseph
Then Kyle and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Samuel
Then, Jacob and Bryan were working at the office. Ashley decided to give a snack to Jacob
Afterwards, Dustin and Mary went to the station. Jason gave a necklace to Mary
Then, Jesse and Matthew were working at the hospital. Lindsay decided to give a computer to Jesse
Then, Scott and Kenneth had a long argument and after that Amy said to Scott
Then in the morning, Crystal and Kenneth were working at the office. Vanessa decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Jeremy and John had a lot of fun at the office, and James gave a basketball to John
Then Sarah and Michael had a lot of fun at the school, and Allison gave a drink to Michael
Then, Stephen and Kristen had a long argument and after that Courtney said to Stephen
The local big station Kyle and Sean went to had a drink. Stephanie gave it to Sean
Afterwards Nathan and Rebecca went to the house, and Sean gave a computer to Nathan
Afterwards, Brian and Erica went to the station. Sara gave a bone to Brian
Then, Aaron and Anthony had a long argument and after that Richard said to Aaron
Then Kristen and Gregory were thinking about going to the garden, and Kevin wanted to give a bone to Gregory
Then in the morning, Joseph and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the house. Brandon wanted to give a kiss to Elizabeth
When soon afterwards Bradley and Cody got a ring at the hospital, Sara decided to give it to Cody
Then, Jacob and Jessica had a lot of fun at the station. Laura gave a ring to Jacob
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store. John gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Erica and Allison had a lot of fun at the hospital. Brandon gave a computer to Erica
Then in the morning, John and Elizabeth went to the house. Michael gave a bone to Elizabeth
Afterwards Eric and Jamie went to the hospital, and Matthew gave a basketball to Jamie
Then in the morning afterwards, Cody and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Amy
Afterwards Erica and Brian went to the station, and Sara gave a bone to Brian
Then Jacob and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Jacob
Then, Sean and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Sean
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Amber went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to Amber
While spending time together Andrea and Megan were working at the store, Jennifer gave a kiss to Megan
Afterwards Jose and Lisa went to the hospital, and Alicia gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Sara and Michelle were working at the restaurant. Ashley decided to give a drink to Sara
Then Melissa and Brandon had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Brian gave a computer to Melissa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ashley and Kenneth went to the school. Amy gave a basketball to Kenneth
Then Brittany and Christina had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Brittany
Then in the morning afterwards, Kevin and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Mary said to Christopher
Then Travis and Robert went to the hospital, and James gave a ring to Travis
Then Jonathan and Amanda went to the house, and Heather gave a basketball to Jonathan
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Jennifer
Then, Nicholas and Katherine had a long argument and after that James said to Nicholas
Friends separated at birth Christina and Erin found a ring at the garden. Brittany gave it to Erin
Afterwards Courtney and Thomas went to the hospital, and Megan gave a basketball to Courtney
Then Lisa and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Daniel
Then John and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to John
Afterwards, Lisa and Rachel went to the house. Joshua gave a bone to Lisa
Then in the morning, Stephen and Angela had a lot of fun at the garden. Stephanie gave a kiss to Angela
After the lunch, Shannon and Jamie went to the house. Lindsay gave a computer to Jamie
Then, Richard and Anthony were working at the school. Tiffany decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then Sean and Jose had a long argument, and after that Justin said to Sean
Then in the morning, Jamie and Lindsay went to the station. Eric gave a ring to Lindsay
While spending time together Brandon and Megan were commuting to the hospital, Thomas gave a kiss to Megan
Then, Jamie and Jeremy went to the hospital. Andrew gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Nicole and Tiffany were thinking about going to the house, and Ashley wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
Then Jose and Charles had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to Jose
Then Crystal and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Tiffany
Then Amy and Kristen had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Kristen
Then, Jason and Megan were thinking about going to the restaurant. Angela wanted to give a bone to Jason
Then Tyler and Nicholas went to the restaurant, and Samantha gave a basketball to Tyler
After the lunch, Mark and Nicole went to the station. Benjamin gave a computer to Nicole
Then, Elizabeth and Richard were working at the house. Lauren decided to give a snack to Richard
Then Samuel and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Christopher said to Samuel
Afterwards, Michael and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a snack to Michael
The local big station Melissa and Paul went to had a necklace. Lauren gave it to Paul
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Gregory got a necklace at the hospital, Jacob decided to give it to Gregory
After the lunch, Christine and Heather went to the store. Kristen gave a ring to Heather
Then Kevin and Laura went to the restaurant, and Adam gave a snack to Kevin
Then Kelly and Richard had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Kelly
After the lunch Shannon and Lindsay went to the restaurant, and Bryan gave a bone to Shannon
Then Courtney and Christine were working at the hospital, and Bradley decided to give a basketball to Courtney
Then, Travis and Nicole were thinking about going to the restaurant. Sean wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Afterwards Christopher and Thomas went to the hospital, and Amy gave a basketball to Christopher
Then, Angela and Kelly were working at the garden. Daniel decided to give a drink to Angela
Then, Richard and Shannon went to the office. Bradley gave a bone to Shannon
After the lunch, Jonathan and Nicholas went to the hospital. Sarah gave a ring to Jonathan
Then, Justin and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Ashley
Then, Katie and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Steven said to Nicole
Then, Scott and Patrick were working at the house. Christopher decided to give a drink to Scott
Afterwards Shannon and Travis went to the house, and Joshua gave a bone to Shannon
While spending time together Amanda and Sarah were working at the hospital, Gregory gave a computer to Sarah
While spending time together Alicia and Bradley were working at the hospital, Crystal gave a snack to Bradley
Then in the morning, Justin and Brian went to the house. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Brian
Then, Anthony and Eric were working at the hospital. Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then in the morning, Kyle and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital. Sarah wanted to give a necklace to Stephanie
When soon afterwards Benjamin and Jessica got a necklace at the house, Emily decided to give it to Jessica
After the lunch, Melissa and Katherine went to the house. Stephen gave a computer to Katherine
Then Rebecca and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Joseph said to Jeffrey
Then Andrea and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jesse gave a snack to Alicia
Then Erica and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then in the morning, Michael and Lisa went to the school. John gave a drink to Lisa
Then Timothy and Brian had a lot of fun at the office, and Tyler gave a bone to Brian
Then Brittany and Eric were working at the restaurant, and Jose decided to give a drink to Eric
Then Patrick and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Patrick
Then Danielle and Bryan were working at the house, and Tiffany decided to give a necklace to Danielle
While spending time together Richard and Rachel were working at the office, Lisa gave a kiss to Rachel
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa were working at the station. Nathan decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards, Bradley and Cody went to the hospital. Megan gave a ring to Cody
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Mark said to Jacob
Then Elizabeth and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, James and Laura were working at the office. Lindsay decided to give a computer to Laura
Then, Bryan and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Bryan
Then Eric and Kenneth went to the hospital, and Michelle gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards Joseph and Stephanie went to the school, and Shannon gave a snack to Joseph
After the lunch Megan and Mary went to the store, and Richard gave a bone to Mary
Then Megan and Jamie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Kelly wanted to give a drink to Jamie
Then Heather and Megan went to the office, and Christina gave a computer to Heather
Then, Erica and Matthew went to the garden. Eric gave a computer to Erica
Then in the morning, Daniel and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jamie gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards, Thomas and Ashley went to the school. Timothy gave a drink to Thomas
Then in the morning, Nicole and Kevin had a lot of fun at the office. Brittany gave a drink to Kevin
Then Angela and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Mary said to Angela
After the lunch Ryan and Vanessa went to the store, and Samuel gave a bone to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Mary and Paul were working at the office. Courtney decided to give a computer to Paul
Then, Sara and Bryan had a lot of fun at the office. David gave a basketball to Sara
Then Dustin and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Jonathan
Then, David and Kyle were working at the house. Brian decided to give a ring to David
Then, Rebecca and Cody had a lot of fun at the garden. Joseph gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Shannon and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the station, and Tiffany gave a bone to Shannon
Then Gregory and Courtney went to the restaurant, and Samantha gave a bone to Gregory
Then, Kelly and Katherine had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Katherine
The local big office Megan and Richard went to had a ring. Brittany gave it to Richard
Then Tiffany and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Tiffany
Then, Bryan and Jacob were working at the office. Ashley decided to give a snack to Jacob
After the lunch Rachel and Samuel went to the station, and David gave a ring to Samuel
Then Joseph and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden, and Jessica wanted to give a necklace to Jamie
Then in the morning, Sean and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Benjamin
Then Charles and Mark were working at the office, and Gregory decided to give a ring to Charles
Then, Anthony and John had a lot of fun at the hospital. Christine gave a drink to John
Then, Jeffrey and Sean had a lot of fun at the garden. Alexander gave a bone to Jeffrey
Then Crystal and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Bradley
Then in the morning afterwards, Jesse and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Matthew
Then, Jesse and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the station. Bryan wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Afterwards Jessica and Emily went to the station, and Kenneth gave a drink to Emily
After taking a long break Nathan and Ryan went to the restaurant, Vanessa gave a drink to Ryan
Then Courtney and Kristen had a lot of fun at the school, and Katherine gave a necklace to Kristen
Then Vanessa and Travis had a long argument, and after that Steven said to Vanessa
Then Gregory and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Amy
Then Kimberly and Kevin went to the hospital, and David gave a bone to Kimberly
Then, Paul and Steven had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Paul
Then Christina and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Andrew
Afterwards Nathan and Anthony went to the hospital, and Brian gave a kiss to Nathan
Then Travis and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Alexander
Then, Amber and Amy had a lot of fun at the office. Mark gave a bone to Amber
Then, Adam and Angela were working at the store. John decided to give a bone to Angela
Then in the morning, Richard and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school. Jason gave a kiss to Nathan
When soon afterwards Mark and Kristen got a bone at the restaurant, William decided to give the bone to Kristen
Then, Brian and Alexander had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a drink to Alexander
Then, Christina and Mark had a lot of fun at the office. Matthew gave a computer to Mark
After the lunch, Paul and Benjamin went to the station. Heather gave a computer to Benjamin
Friends separated at birth Cody and Gregory found a bone at the office. Jamie gave it to Gregory
Then Kevin and Laura had a lot of fun at the house, and Katherine gave a drink to Kevin
After the lunch, Sean and Justin went to the hospital. Rachel gave a necklace to Sean
Then, Jacob and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant. Brandon wanted to give a computer to Travis
Then Gregory and Ashley had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Bradley gave a snack to Ashley
Then Timothy and Rachel were thinking about going to the office, and David wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Then, Andrew and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Jeffrey
Then in the morning, Joseph and Ashley were thinking about going to the house. Stephanie wanted to give a kiss to Ashley
After the lunch, Brandon and Amber went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Brandon
After taking a long break Sean and Eric went to the garden, Megan gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Erica and Ryan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to Erica
Then Emily and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Emily
After the lunch, Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital. Amy gave a basketball to Timothy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicole and Amy went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a necklace to Amy
Then in the morning, Kristen and Christina were working at the school. Stephanie decided to give a kiss to Christina
Then, Mark and Christina had a lot of fun at the office. Matthew gave a computer to Mark
Then Michael and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Scott gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Alicia and Nicole were thinking about going to the station, and Kenneth wanted to give a bone to Alicia
Then, Lindsay and Angela went to the hospital. Michelle gave a basketball to Angela
Then Amber and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to Amber
Then in the morning, Kelly and Thomas went to the station. Vanessa gave a ring to Thomas
Afterwards, Charles and Lauren went to the office. Allison gave a kiss to Lauren
Then Michelle and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Joshua
Then Eric and Erica had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Matthew gave a ring to Eric
Then Steven and Katie had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Katie
When soon afterwards Bradley and Laura got a computer at the house, Christopher decided to give the computer to Laura
After the lunch, Sean and Eric went to the garden. Megan gave a kiss to Eric
Then Justin and Patrick went to the school, and Ashley gave a necklace to Patrick
When soon afterwards David and Tiffany got a kiss at the store, Ashley decided to give the kiss to Tiffany
Then Benjamin and Erica had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Benjamin
Then, Lauren and Mark had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Lauren
Afterwards, Alexander and David went to the restaurant. Jose gave a bone to Alexander
Afterwards, Daniel and Patrick went to the garden. Heather gave a snack to Daniel
After the lunch Nathan and Joseph went to the store, and Amanda gave a ring to Nathan
Then, James and Alicia had a long argument and after that Kristen said to James
Then, Dustin and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Jonathan
Then, Michelle and Laura were thinking about going to the store. Kristen wanted to give a drink to Laura
Then Jennifer and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Benjamin said to Jennifer
Then, Stephanie and Aaron went to the house. Jesse gave a bone to Stephanie
Then, Sarah and Joshua went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Danielle and Charles went to the store. Jeremy gave a ring to Charles
Afterwards Christina and Jamie went to the station, and Mary gave a necklace to Christina
Then, Kenneth and Sean were working at the store. Allison decided to give a bone to Kenneth
After the lunch in the afternoon, Michelle and Brittany went to the house. Timothy gave a bone to Brittany
Then, Jeremy and Melissa were thinking about going to the store. Travis wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then Laura and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Jacob
After the lunch Shannon and Stephen went to the hospital, and Cody gave a computer to Stephen
Afterwards, Ryan and Eric went to the store. Steven gave a bone to Ryan
Afterwards Thomas and Kelly went to the station, and Cody gave a drink to Thomas
After the lunch Travis and Steven went to the hospital, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Travis
Then Rebecca and Michelle were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Adam wanted to give a drink to Michelle
Then Eric and Anthony were working at the hospital, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then, Allison and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital. Jessica wanted to give a basketball to Allison
Then, Justin and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Justin
Then, Nicole and Rachel were working at the garden. John decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then, Jennifer and Tyler were thinking about going to the office. Travis wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
While spending time together Rachel and Robert were commuting to the hospital, Matthew gave a ring to Robert
Then, Amber and Sean were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Sean
Then Heather and Samantha were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Robert wanted to give a ring to Samantha
Then, Justin and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Justin
Then in the morning afterwards, Rachel and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Stephanie
Then, William and Scott had a lot of fun at the store. Kevin gave a bone to William
While spending time together Jessica and Nicole were commuting to the office, Samantha gave a computer to Nicole
Then Eric and Jacob had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Jacob
Then, James and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards William said to James
Then Nicole and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Sean wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Afterwards Katie and Melissa went to the garden, and Richard gave a necklace to Katie
Then, Thomas and Amanda were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsay and Kelly went to the office. Jonathan gave a drink to Kelly
Then Charles and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Charles
Then in the morning, Christina and Lisa were working at the school. Joseph decided to give a necklace to Lisa
Afterwards, Anthony and Bradley went to the office. Emily gave a necklace to Bradley
Afterwards, Sara and Joshua went to the station. Timothy gave a basketball to Sara
Afterwards, while spending time together Timothy and Elizabeth went to the garden. Christina gave a basketball to Elizabeth
Then Michael and Shannon went to the store, and Timothy gave a basketball to Shannon
After the lunch Lindsay and Shannon went to the restaurant, and Bryan gave a bone to Shannon
Then, Jose and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Patrick
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Dustin
Then Erica and Emily were thinking about going to the office, and Alicia wanted to give a kiss to Erica
Then Katie and Jamie went to the store, and Kenneth gave a snack to Katie
Afterwards Stephen and Jason went to the garden, and Aaron gave a basketball to Stephen
Then, John and Brittany were thinking about going to the house. Brandon wanted to give a computer to John
Afterwards Courtney and David went to the hospital, and Samantha gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Kyle and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Benjamin gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Kelly and David were working at the station. Samuel decided to give a kiss to David
Afterwards, Kyle and Danielle went to the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to Kyle
Then, Michael and David had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Michael
Then, Anthony and Joshua were working at the store. Adam decided to give a snack to Anthony
Then Jonathan and Justin had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then, Kyle and Amy were thinking about going to the school. Melissa wanted to give a snack to Amy
Afterwards Angela and Sean went to the office, and Robert gave a ring to Sean
Then Sarah and Alexander had a lot of fun at the garden, and Emily gave a drink to Sarah
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jesse and Andrea went to the house. Matthew gave a necklace to Andrea
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Jonathan
Then Shannon and Richard went to the office, and Bradley gave a bone to Shannon
The local big station Jeremy and Eric went to had a necklace. Nicholas gave it to Eric
Afterwards, while spending time together Katherine and Jonathan went to the office. Jeffrey gave a ring to Jonathan
Afterwards Sean and Jennifer went to the store, and Kevin gave a basketball to Sean
Then Lisa and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Lisa
The local big restaurant Steven and Jose went to had a basketball. Samuel gave it to Jose
Then, Alexander and Erica had a long argument and after that Katie said to Erica
Afterwards Lauren and Lindsey went to the office, and Kenneth gave a computer to Lindsey
Then Jason and Alicia were thinking about going to the school, and Matthew wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then Brandon and Samuel were working at the station, and Robert decided to give a computer to Brandon
After the lunch, Tiffany and Megan went to the school. Brittany gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, Andrew and Alicia went to the garden. Christina gave a ring to Andrew
Then Kenneth and William had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to William
Then, Kimberly and Tiffany were thinking about going to the office. Bryan wanted to give a bone to Kimberly
Then, Erin and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Erin
Then Allison and Erica had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Brandon gave a computer to Erica
Afterwards, Travis and Rebecca went to the office. Justin gave a necklace to Rebecca
When soon afterwards Samantha and Jonathan got a drink at the garden, Melissa decided to give the drink to Jonathan
Then in the morning afterwards, Ashley and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Rebecca
Then, Tyler and Erin had a long argument and after that Jason said to Tyler
Then Robert and Travis went to the hospital, and James gave a ring to Travis
Then Anthony and Angela were working at the station, and Amy decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then Laura and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a drink to Laura
Then Patrick and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the store, and Nicole gave a snack to Vanessa
Then David and Nathan went to the restaurant, and Vanessa gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Vanessa and Jessica went to the house. Thomas gave a ring to Vanessa
Afterwards Sara and Joseph went to the office, and James gave a basketball to Sara
Then, Angela and Brittany had a long argument and after that Robert said to Brittany
Then Steven and Heather had a lot of fun at the office, and Eric gave a computer to Heather
Then, Laura and Alicia had a long argument and after that Sean said to Alicia
Then, Jonathan and Steven had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Steven
Then Alicia and Kristen were working at the hospital, and Michelle decided to give a drink to Alicia
After the lunch Mark and Courtney went to the garden, and Timothy gave a computer to Courtney
Then, Jessica and James had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Jessica
After taking a long break Courtney and Mary went to the house, Melissa gave a drink to Mary
Then, Sara and Rebecca went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to Rebecca
Then Emily and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Anthony gave a bone to Emily
Then, Paul and Nicole went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to Paul
Then, Aaron and Laura had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jacob gave a ring to Laura
After the lunch, Katherine and Melissa went to the house. Stephen gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Mary and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Kenneth
Then, Elizabeth and Nathan were working at the station. Laura decided to give a kiss to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Stephanie and Kyle found a drink at the hospital. Lauren gave it to Kyle
