Then, Tiffany and Kenneth were working at the office. Kenneth decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Patrick and Amy were thinking about going to the hospital. Amy wanted to give a bone to Patrick
Then, Anthony and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then in the morning, Samantha and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store. Samantha wanted to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Megan and Sara were thinking about going to the hospital. Sara wanted to give a snack to Megan
Then Steven and Danielle were thinking about going to the store, and Danielle wanted to give a necklace to Steven
Then in the morning afterwards, Adam and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Cody
After taking a long break Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office, Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Tiffany and Thomas had a lot of fun at the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Kyle and Bradley were thinking about going to the station. Kyle wanted to give a drink to Bradley
Then, Joshua and Michael had a long argument and after that Michael said to Joshua
Then Anthony and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Anthony
Then Stephen and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Paul
Then Jamie and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Mary
Then Angela and Bryan were working at the house, and Bryan decided to give a bone to Angela
Afterwards, Angela and Jeremy went to the station. Angela gave a computer to Jeremy
Then Alexander and Christine went to the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Joshua and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Anthony
After the lunch Nicole and Paul went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then Joshua and Erica went to the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
When soon afterwards Adam and Cody got a kiss at the office, Adam decided to give the kiss to Cody
Afterwards, while spending time together Kenneth and Nicole went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards John and Elizabeth went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Jamie and Kenneth found a ring at the office. Jamie gave it to Kenneth
Then, Nicholas and Matthew had a long argument and after that Matthew said to Nicholas
Then, Scott and Allison went to the school. Scott gave a computer to Allison
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the station. Sean gave a computer to Jennifer
Afterwards, Michael and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Steven and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Steven
Then, Jessica and Kyle went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a snack to Kyle
Then in the morning, Nathan and William went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then in the morning, Samuel and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Paul
Then, Stephanie and Nicole were working at the store. Stephanie decided to give a necklace to Nicole
Then, Jessica and John were working at the restaurant. Jessica decided to give a kiss to John
Then, Eric and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then Elizabeth and Samantha were thinking about going to the store, and Samantha wanted to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Mary and Jamie had a lot of fun at the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Aaron were working at the store. Jonathan decided to give a ring to Aaron
Then, Angela and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then, Samuel and Jeremy were thinking about going to the garden. Jeremy wanted to give a basketball to Samuel
Then, Alicia and Andrea had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Alicia
After taking a long break Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital, Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Amy and Patrick were working at the hospital. Amy decided to give a bone to Patrick
After the lunch, Alexander and Christine went to the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Jason and Amanda were working at the store, and Amanda decided to give a snack to Jason
After the lunch, Jason and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then Brian and Christopher were working at the station, and Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
The local big hospital Nicole and Paul went to had a computer. Nicole gave it to Paul
Friends separated at birth Jacob and Kyle found a bone at the store. Jacob gave it to Kyle
Afterwards, Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Paul and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Sean
Then, Eric and Emily had a lot of fun at the store. Eric gave a necklace to Emily
After the lunch Mary and Kyle went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Michael and John were thinking about going to the restaurant. Michael wanted to give a kiss to John
Then in the morning, Gregory and David were thinking about going to the restaurant. Gregory wanted to give a necklace to David
Then Elizabeth and Michael had a lot of fun at the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Andrea and Vanessa were thinking about going to the school, and Andrea wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Rachel and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Afterwards Melissa and John went to the garden, and John gave a drink to Melissa
Then in the morning, Amy and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then Melissa and Lindsey went to the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Lindsey and Katherine were working at the store, and Katherine decided to give a necklace to Lindsey
After taking a long break Lindsey and Justin went to the school, Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then in the morning, Michael and Elizabeth went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Tyler and Paul had a lot of fun at the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Paul and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Paul
Then, Alexander and Jamie were thinking about going to the school. Alexander wanted to give a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning, Cody and Kelly were working at the office. Cody decided to give a snack to Kelly
Then Joshua and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Joshua
Afterwards Samantha and Jeremy went to the school, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then David and Courtney went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Robert and Adam had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Robert
Then Danielle and Steven went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then Robert and Adam had a lot of fun at the store, and Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then Crystal and Katie had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Crystal
Then Elizabeth and William were working at the garden, and William decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Jamie and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
While spending time together Danielle and Steven were working at the store, Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Afterwards, while spending time together Brian and Christopher went to the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch Cody and Adam went to the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Danielle and Alicia were working at the restaurant. Alicia decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Angela and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then in the morning, Shannon and Amanda went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then Vanessa and Andrea had a lot of fun at the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Jesse and Allison were thinking about going to the office. Allison wanted to give a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Jeremy and Lindsay went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
After the lunch, Steven and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
The local big school Travis and Jamie went to had a bone. Travis gave it to Jamie
Then, Amanda and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Then, Christopher and Brian went to the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then in the morning, Samuel and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store. Samuel wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Bryan
After the lunch John and Allison went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a computer to John
Then David and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to David
Afterwards, Brittany and Christopher went to the office. Brittany gave a ring to Christopher
Then Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Jason and James were working at the restaurant, and James decided to give a snack to Jason
Then Alexander and Christine were thinking about going to the hospital, and Christine wanted to give a snack to Alexander
When soon afterwards Eric and Jason got a snack at the house, Eric decided to give it to Jason
Friends separated at birth Emily and Jesse found a necklace at the school. Emily gave it to Jesse
While spending time together Jeremy and Samuel were commuting to the garden, Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Melissa and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Afterwards, while spending time together Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Tyler and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Tyler
Afterwards, Gregory and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then in the morning, David and Courtney had a lot of fun at the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Jesse and Emily were working at the school, and Emily decided to give a necklace to Jesse
Then David and Courtney had a long argument, and after that David said to Courtney
Then, Stephanie and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Melissa
Then, Melissa and Amy had a lot of fun at the office. Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then, Jonathan and Anthony were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jonathan wanted to give a kiss to Anthony
After the lunch Jason and James went to the restaurant, and James gave a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Christopher and Timothy were thinking about going to the school. Christopher wanted to give a bone to Timothy
Then, Jessica and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then Eric and Christina were thinking about going to the house, and Christina wanted to give a ring to Eric
Then Sean and Paul went to the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Afterwards, Patrick and Brittany went to the house. Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
After the lunch Amber and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Then, Justin and Vanessa were thinking about going to the school. Vanessa wanted to give a necklace to Justin
Then, Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then Kyle and Jacob were working at the store, and Jacob decided to give a bone to Kyle
When soon afterwards Shannon and Amanda got a drink at the store, Shannon decided to give it to Amanda
Then Mary and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden, and Jamie wanted to give a ring to Mary
Then, Erin and Brittany were working at the school. Brittany decided to give a ring to Erin
Then, Vanessa and Ashley were thinking about going to the school. Ashley wanted to give a computer to Vanessa
Then, Stephanie and Nicole had a lot of fun at the store. Stephanie gave a necklace to Nicole
Then, Benjamin and Robert were thinking about going to the office. Benjamin wanted to give a drink to Robert
Then Nicole and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Nicole
After the lunch Charles and Sarah went to the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Tyler and Christine had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tyler gave a basketball to Christine
The local big house Christina and Benjamin went to had a snack. Christina gave it to Benjamin
Then Amber and Rachel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
When soon afterwards Christine and Brian got a bone at the store, Christine decided to give the bone to Brian
Then Samuel and Paul were thinking about going to the store, and Samuel wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Nicole and Katie had a long argument and after that Katie said to Nicole
After taking a long break Nicholas and Christina went to the station, Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Amanda and Nicole were working at the house, and Amanda decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then Emily and Jesse were thinking about going to the school, and Emily wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Friends separated at birth Nicole and Paul found a computer at the hospital. Nicole gave it to Paul
Then Jessica and James went to the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
Then Angela and Thomas were thinking about going to the station, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then, Kimberly and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then, Lindsey and Shannon were working at the school. Lindsey decided to give a basketball to Shannon
After the lunch Kimberly and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
While spending time together Jennifer and Jonathan were working at the hospital, Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Kristen and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Michael
Then, Amanda and Laura were thinking about going to the house. Laura wanted to give a necklace to Amanda
Then, Bradley and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Bradley
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Bryan had a lot of fun at the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Joshua and Sean were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a drink to Sean
While spending time together Christopher and Jennifer were working at the garden, Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Christine and Brian went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Friends separated at birth Ashley and Thomas found a drink at the school. Ashley gave it to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, James and Jessica went to the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
Then Adam and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Adam
Then, Charles and Lindsay were thinking about going to the store. Lindsay wanted to give a drink to Charles
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Rachel and Timothy went to the office, and Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
Afterwards, Kenneth and Jason went to the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then, Heather and Jamie had a lot of fun at the hospital. Heather gave a basketball to Jamie
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Justin got a necklace at the school, Vanessa decided to give the necklace to Justin
After the lunch, Justin and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Afterwards Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, John and Bradley were working at the house. Bradley decided to give a computer to John
Then, Kelly and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Heather and Joshua had a lot of fun at the house. Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then in the morning, Christine and Alexander had a lot of fun at the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then, Kristen and Courtney had a long argument and after that Courtney said to Kristen
Then Nicholas and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Alexander
Then Charles and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to Sarah
Then, Robert and Sarah had a lot of fun at the garden. Robert gave a ring to Sarah
After the lunch Jesse and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Heather and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Heather
While spending time together Sean and Eric were commuting to the garden, Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Afterwards Rachel and Samuel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store. Tyler gave a computer to Elizabeth
Then, Alexander and Jason were thinking about going to the station. Alexander wanted to give a necklace to Jason
Then in the morning afterwards, Jeremy and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
After the lunch, Shannon and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Friends separated at birth Jennifer and Sean found a basketball at the store. Jennifer gave it to Sean
Then, Gregory and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to Gregory
Afterwards, Daniel and Jeremy went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch Christine and Brian went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Kevin and Sara had a lot of fun at the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Angela and Adam were thinking about going to the store, and Adam wanted to give a bone to Angela
While spending time together Vanessa and Tiffany were commuting to the station, Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Jamie and Tyler had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Tyler
After the lunch Justin and Lindsey went to the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Afterwards, Jeremy and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Brandon and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Angela
Then, Alexander and Jason had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Jason
Then Emily and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Emily
Friends separated at birth Elizabeth and Tyler found a kiss at the store. Elizabeth gave it to Tyler
Then Christopher and Brian had a lot of fun at the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
When soon afterwards John and Elizabeth got a bone at the house, John decided to give it to Elizabeth
Then Michelle and Paul were working at the office, and Paul decided to give a necklace to Michelle
Then, Adam and Kimberly had a long argument and after that Kimberly said to Adam
Then Kyle and Jacob were thinking about going to the store, and Jacob wanted to give a bone to Kyle
After the lunch, Eric and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then, Michael and Rachel had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Michael
Then, Melissa and Adam were thinking about going to the store. Melissa wanted to give a computer to Adam
Then in the morning, Paul and Justin were working at the house. Paul decided to give a bone to Justin
After taking a long break James and Jessica went to the store, James gave a computer to Jessica
Then, Christina and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the office. Christina gave a drink to Elizabeth
Afterwards Sarah and Charles went to the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then Lisa and Jose had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Matthew and William had a long argument and after that Matthew said to William
The local big store Tiffany and Thomas went to had a kiss. Tiffany gave it to Thomas
Afterwards Vanessa and Kyle went to the house, and Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Lindsey and Scott were working at the office, and Lindsey decided to give a snack to Scott
Then Jamie and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then Courtney and Amber were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Amber wanted to give a bone to Courtney
Then, Melissa and Jeremy were thinking about going to the store. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa went to the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Friends separated at birth Robert and Richard found a kiss at the office. Robert gave it to Richard
After taking a long break Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden, Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Alexander and Jason were working at the station. Alexander decided to give a necklace to Jason
Then, Thomas and Kelly were working at the station. Kelly decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Then Ryan and Amy went to the station, and Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then in the morning afterwards, Christine and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Brian
Afterwards Samuel and Jeremy went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Friends separated at birth Christopher and Timothy found a bone at the school. Christopher gave it to Timothy
Then, Sean and Joshua had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Sean
Then Vanessa and Ashley were working at the school, and Ashley decided to give a computer to Vanessa
Then Tyler and Ryan were thinking about going to the office, and Ryan wanted to give a ring to Tyler
Then, Sean and Jennifer were thinking about going to the station. Sean wanted to give a computer to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Justin were thinking about going to the school. Vanessa wanted to give a necklace to Justin
Then, Gregory and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Dustin were thinking about going to the garden. Jennifer wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Dustin and Anthony went to the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Steven and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then in the morning, Christina and Benjamin were working at the house. Christina decided to give a snack to Benjamin
Then, Shannon and Patrick had a lot of fun at the school. Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Sean and Jennifer were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a basketball to Sean
After the lunch Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Lindsey and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Lindsey
Then, Jessica and Brittany were thinking about going to the school. Jessica wanted to give a snack to Brittany
Then, Ryan and Amanda were working at the house. Amanda decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Daniel and Jeremy went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then in the morning, Paul and Tyler were thinking about going to the house. Paul wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then Tyler and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that Elizabeth said to Tyler
Then Emily and Aaron were thinking about going to the house, and Aaron wanted to give a bone to Emily
Afterwards, Sara and Amber went to the office. Sara gave a basketball to Amber
While spending time together Amy and Patrick were commuting to the hospital, Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Richard and Robert had a long argument and after that Robert said to Richard
Then, Christopher and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then Brandon and Angela had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Angela
Afterwards Thomas and Angela went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Brian and Charles had a lot of fun at the school. Brian gave a bone to Charles
Then, Jonathan and Robert went to the house. Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Stephen and Samantha were working at the hospital. Stephen decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Jennifer and Christopher went to the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
When soon afterwards Tiffany and Thomas got a kiss at the store, Tiffany decided to give the kiss to Thomas
Then, Megan and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Thomas and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Kelly said to Thomas
Then Kenneth and Jason had a lot of fun at the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
After taking a long break Nathan and William went to the hospital, Nathan gave a kiss to William
When soon afterwards Charles and Sarah got a kiss at the garden, Charles decided to give it to Sarah
Then, Alicia and Nicole had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Nicole
Then, Richard and Robert were working at the office. Robert decided to give a kiss to Richard
Then, Sara and Kevin were working at the station. Kevin decided to give a bone to Sara
Then in the morning, Samantha and Ryan went to the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then, Gregory and Samuel had a lot of fun at the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Amber and Jeremy were working at the restaurant. Jeremy decided to give a snack to Amber
After the lunch Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Anthony and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Lisa and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Lisa
Then in the morning, Adam and Cody had a lot of fun at the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Friends separated at birth Christina and Benjamin found a snack at the house. Christina gave it to Benjamin
Then, Lauren and Travis had a lot of fun at the school. Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Friends separated at birth Michelle and Joshua found a ring at the office. Michelle gave it to Joshua
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jamie and Mary went to the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
After the lunch in the afternoon, Samuel and Paul went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Vanessa and Andrea were working at the school. Andrea decided to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Courtney and Amber had a lot of fun at the station, and Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards Alexander and Christine went to the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Eric and Sean were thinking about going to the garden, and Sean wanted to give a kiss to Eric
Then Tiffany and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch Joshua and Sean went to the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then, Benjamin and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Benjamin
After the lunch Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital, and Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then, David and John had a long argument. Afterwards David said to John
Then in the morning, John and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Michael and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Michael
Then, Eric and Emily were working at the store. Eric decided to give a necklace to Emily
After the lunch Charles and Nicole went to the school, and Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then Emily and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Jesse
Then, Lisa and Jose were thinking about going to the hospital. Jose wanted to give a ring to Lisa
Afterwards Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Lauren and Amanda were thinking about going to the hospital. Amanda wanted to give a snack to Lauren
Friends separated at birth Andrea and Alicia found a snack at the restaurant. Andrea gave it to Alicia
Then, Stephanie and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Aaron
When soon afterwards Shannon and Amanda got a drink at the store, Shannon decided to give the drink to Amanda
When soon afterwards Tiffany and Benjamin got a snack at the hospital, Tiffany decided to give it to Benjamin
Afterwards Courtney and Amber went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital. Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then Sean and Paul were working at the office, and Paul decided to give a snack to Sean
After taking a long break Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station, Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Daniel and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Daniel
Then, Travis and Tiffany were thinking about going to the restaurant. Travis wanted to give a bone to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Amanda and Nicole got a ring at the house, Amanda decided to give it to Nicole
Then, Sara and Amber went to the office. Sara gave a basketball to Amber
Then Shannon and Lauren had a lot of fun at the house, and Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
After the lunch David and Courtney went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Andrea and Alicia were working at the restaurant. Andrea decided to give a snack to Alicia
Then Alicia and Danielle were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Alicia wanted to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Scott and Thomas were working at the school. Thomas decided to give a basketball to Scott
When soon afterwards Nathan and William got a kiss at the hospital, Nathan decided to give it to William
Afterwards, Charles and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then, John and Anthony were working at the hospital. Anthony decided to give a drink to John
Then Shannon and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Shannon
Then, Adam and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Adam
Then, Amanda and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Dustin and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany were thinking about going to the hospital. Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
When soon afterwards Jamie and Mary got a ring at the garden, Jamie decided to give it to Mary
Then, Lindsey and Anthony were working at the hospital. Lindsey decided to give a bone to Anthony
Then Charles and Lindsay went to the store, and Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Then, Stephanie and Melissa were thinking about going to the garden. Stephanie wanted to give a ring to Melissa
Then, Rachel and Amber were thinking about going to the garden. Amber wanted to give a necklace to Rachel
After the lunch, Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Jessica and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Jessica
Then Tiffany and Rebecca had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Rebecca
Then Steven and Jonathan were working at the garden, and Jonathan decided to give a kiss to Steven
While spending time together Travis and Jamie were working at the school, Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Christina and Daniel had a long argument. Afterwards Daniel said to Christina
Then Sarah and Charles went to the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then Jamie and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then Justin and Vanessa went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, Kenneth and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Then Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Tyler and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Tyler
Afterwards Jessica and Nathan went to the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
After the lunch Vanessa and Crystal went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then in the morning, Ashley and Thomas were working at the school. Ashley decided to give a drink to Thomas
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Alexander had a lot of fun at the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Megan and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Megan
Then David and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then, Melissa and John had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Melissa
Then, Eric and Emily had a long argument and after that Eric said to Emily
Then Nicholas and Christina were working at the station, and Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Christina
Then, David and John had a long argument and after that David said to John
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa were thinking about going to the station. Vanessa wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Thomas and Ashley were thinking about going to the school. Ashley wanted to give a drink to Thomas
Then, Andrea and Scott were working at the restaurant. Andrea decided to give a drink to Scott
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Dustin
Then, Stephanie and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Melissa
After the lunch, Tyler and Ryan went to the office. Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then Melissa and Matthew had a lot of fun at the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Jamie and Travis had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Jamie
Then Jamie and Kenneth were thinking about going to the office, and Jamie wanted to give a ring to Kenneth
Then, Elizabeth and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Brian
When soon afterwards Alicia and Danielle got a computer at the restaurant, Alicia decided to give the computer to Danielle
After the lunch Kimberly and Melissa went to the garden, and Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
After the lunch in the afternoon, John and Elizabeth went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Afterwards, while spending time together Samuel and Paul went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch, Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
After the lunch, Jamie and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Kristen and Angela were working at the hospital. Kristen decided to give a drink to Angela
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station. Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Afterwards Joshua and Michelle went to the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then in the morning, Megan and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Megan said to Tiffany
Then Charles and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Charles
Then, Alicia and Brian had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Brian
Then in the morning, William and Andrew were working at the garden. William decided to give a snack to Andrew
Then Gregory and Nathan were thinking about going to the school, and Nathan wanted to give a basketball to Gregory
Afterwards, Scott and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Paul and Michelle were thinking about going to the office, and Paul wanted to give a necklace to Michelle
Then Steven and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Afterwards, Michael and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Lauren and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Brittany
Then Anthony and Richard had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Anthony
Afterwards Kyle and Jacob went to the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Elizabeth and Tyler were thinking about going to the store, and Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Tyler
Then Kimberly and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Kimberly
After the lunch, Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Anthony and Christopher were thinking about going to the garden. Anthony wanted to give a computer to Christopher
Then Sara and Eric were working at the office, and Eric decided to give a drink to Sara
After the lunch Crystal and Vanessa went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Lindsey and Rebecca were thinking about going to the house. Lindsey wanted to give a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch in the afternoon, Melissa and Steven went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then Tiffany and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Katherine and Lindsey were working at the garden, and Lindsey decided to give a bone to Katherine
While spending time together Kristen and Stephen were working at the garden, Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Friends separated at birth Brian and Christopher found a necklace at the station. Brian gave it to Christopher
Then, Thomas and Ashley had a lot of fun at the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Alexander and Jamie went to the school. Alexander gave a bone to Jamie
Then, James and Alicia were working at the store. Alicia decided to give a basketball to James
Then Jeremy and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Daniel and Jeremy went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards, while spending time together Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Angela and Brandon were thinking about going to the house. Brandon wanted to give a computer to Angela
Then Christina and Daniel went to the house, and Daniel gave a computer to Christina
When soon afterwards Anthony and Dustin got a basketball at the house, Anthony decided to give the basketball to Dustin
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephen and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Paul
Afterwards Cody and Scott went to the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then Tiffany and Vanessa went to the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Melissa
After the lunch Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Angela and Adam were thinking about going to the store. Adam wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then Christina and Nicholas had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Christina
After the lunch Kimberly and Sarah went to the office, and Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Friends separated at birth Lauren and Brittany found a drink at the house. Lauren gave it to Brittany
Then Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Jacob and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Jacob said to Kyle
When soon afterwards Eric and Jason got a snack at the house, Eric decided to give the snack to Jason
After taking a long break Tiffany and Thomas went to the store, Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Ryan and Samantha were working at the station, and Samantha decided to give a ring to Ryan
Then in the morning, Megan and Tiffany were working at the school. Megan decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch, Emily and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Nicole and Alicia went to the station. Nicole gave a kiss to Alicia
Afterwards Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then Vanessa and Crystal were thinking about going to the house, and Vanessa wanted to give a ring to Crystal
After taking a long break Paul and Justin went to the house, Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then in the morning afterwards, Emily and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Jesse
Then Angela and Adam had a lot of fun at the store, and Adam gave a bone to Angela
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Tyler were working at the store. Elizabeth decided to give a kiss to Tyler
Then, Scott and Travis were working at the restaurant. Travis decided to give a necklace to Scott
Then, Gregory and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Gregory
Then, Jessica and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Jessica gave a snack to Brittany
Then Tiffany and Vanessa were thinking about going to the station, and Vanessa wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Gregory and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school, and Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then in the morning, Brian and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Christopher
Then Nathan and David had a long argument, and after that David said to Nathan
Afterwards, Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Gregory and Jesse had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Jesse
After the lunch Joshua and Dustin went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Sean
Then Katherine and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch in the afternoon, Cody and Kelly went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
After the lunch Bryan and Jeffrey went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then Melissa and Steven had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Steven
After the lunch Erica and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
After the lunch, Jason and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
After the lunch, Courtney and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, while spending time together Nicholas and Christina went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then in the morning afterwards, Paul and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Michelle
Then in the morning, Lauren and Brittany were thinking about going to the house. Lauren wanted to give a drink to Brittany
Then Charles and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Charles
Then, Michelle and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Michelle
Afterwards Angela and Bryan went to the house, and Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Then, Jessica and Brittany were working at the school. Jessica decided to give a snack to Brittany
Then in the morning, Amber and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Rachel
While spending time together Kimberly and Adam were commuting to the house, Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then in the morning, Jason and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
When soon afterwards Matthew and Melissa got a snack at the office, Matthew decided to give the snack to Melissa
Afterwards, Cody and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Thomas were thinking about going to the store. Tiffany wanted to give a kiss to Thomas
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsay and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Jeremy
After taking a long break Joshua and Anthony went to the station, Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Steven and Danielle were thinking about going to the store. Danielle wanted to give a necklace to Steven
Afterwards, Jacob and Paul went to the office. Jacob gave a necklace to Paul
Then, Katherine and Thomas were thinking about going to the restaurant. Thomas wanted to give a computer to Katherine
Then Lauren and Amanda had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Afterwards, Charles and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then Kenneth and Jamie were working at the office, and Jamie decided to give a ring to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Kevin and Sara were thinking about going to the station. Kevin wanted to give a bone to Sara
Then Tyler and Ryan went to the office, and Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then Melissa and Lindsey were working at the store, and Lindsey decided to give a kiss to Melissa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jonathan and Aaron went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
The local big station Joshua and Sean went to had a drink. Joshua gave it to Sean
Then, Cody and Aaron had a long argument and after that Aaron said to Cody
Afterwards, while spending time together Jacob and Kyle went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Angela and Adam were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a bone to Angela
After the lunch Steven and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then Eric and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Eric
Then, Matthew and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Then, Amanda and Stephanie were thinking about going to the school. Stephanie wanted to give a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Heather and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then in the morning, Gregory and David had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to David
Then, Jesse and Lauren went to the school. Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
While spending time together Kenneth and Nicole were commuting to the station, Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
When soon afterwards Ryan and Kyle got a ring at the hospital, Ryan decided to give it to Kyle
Afterwards, Thomas and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Rebecca and Tiffany were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Rebecca
Afterwards Jamie and Kenneth went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Jessica and Nathan were working at the school. Jessica decided to give a ring to Nathan
Then, Tyler and Paul had a lot of fun at the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Paul and Samuel had a lot of fun at the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Friends separated at birth Samuel and Paul found a kiss at the store. Samuel gave it to Paul
Then Justin and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then in the morning, Jessica and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then Tiffany and Benjamin were thinking about going to the hospital, and Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
Then, Stephanie and Nicole had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Nicole
Then in the morning, Amanda and Ryan went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then in the morning, Alicia and Danielle had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Afterwards Scott and Kenneth went to the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
While spending time together Jacob and Kyle were commuting to the store, Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Dustin and Jennifer were working at the garden. Jennifer decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Kimberly and Kristen had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Kimberly
Then Tiffany and Nicole were working at the house, and Nicole decided to give a kiss to Tiffany
Then John and Bradley had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to John
Then Melissa and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Melissa
Then Sean and Eric had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Eric
Afterwards Jesse and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then, Eric and Brian went to the store. Eric gave a ring to Brian
Then, Michael and Aaron went to the garden. Michael gave a drink to Aaron
Then, John and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
Then Robert and Richard had a lot of fun at the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Afterwards Heather and Ashley went to the store, and Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Erica and Eric were working at the school. Erica decided to give a computer to Eric
Then, Erica and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Erica said to Eric
Then, Heather and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Afterwards, Nicholas and Paul went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
When soon afterwards Emily and Jesse got a necklace at the school, Emily decided to give the necklace to Jesse
Then Jesse and Allison were working at the office, and Allison decided to give a drink to Jesse
Then, Scott and Travis had a long argument and after that Travis said to Scott
Then, Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
After the lunch, Jesse and Lauren went to the school. Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, Paul and Sean were working at the office. Paul decided to give a snack to Sean
Then Christina and Nicholas were thinking about going to the station, and Nicholas wanted to give a basketball to Christina
Then Adam and Kimberly had a long argument, and after that Kimberly said to Adam
Then, Angela and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a bone to Angela
After the lunch Emily and Michael went to the hospital, and Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then Adam and Richard went to the station, and Richard gave a snack to Adam
Afterwards, Alicia and Nicole went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a bone to Nicole
Then, Kristen and Courtney were working at the school. Courtney decided to give a necklace to Kristen
Then Nathan and William had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to William
Then, Kenneth and Dustin were thinking about going to the office. Kenneth wanted to give a snack to Dustin
Then Alicia and James had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to James
Then Crystal and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
Then, Timothy and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then, Melissa and John were thinking about going to the garden. John wanted to give a drink to Melissa
Afterwards Scott and Cody went to the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then Alexander and Christine had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Alexander
After the lunch, Brian and Katie went to the restaurant. Brian gave a necklace to Katie
Then Amanda and Ryan had a lot of fun at the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Afterwards, Robert and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then, Jesse and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Allison said to Jesse
Then in the morning, Alicia and James were working at the store. Alicia decided to give a basketball to James
Then Sean and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Eric
Then Cody and Scott had a long argument, and after that Scott said to Cody
Then Gregory and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to Gregory
Then in the morning, Kevin and Sara went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
When soon afterwards Emily and Jesse got a necklace at the school, Emily decided to give it to Jesse
Then, Travis and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Travis
Then, Lisa and Samuel went to the office. Lisa gave a drink to Samuel
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then, Aaron and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Aaron wanted to give a computer to Jesse
Then, Heather and Ashley had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Heather
Then Gregory and David were working at the restaurant, and Gregory decided to give a necklace to David
When soon afterwards Jose and Lisa got a ring at the hospital, Jose decided to give the ring to Lisa
Then in the morning, Jamie and Mary were working at the garden. Jamie decided to give a ring to Mary
After taking a long break Nicole and Paul went to the hospital, Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then Christopher and Brian went to the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Kimberly and Melissa were working at the garden, and Melissa decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then Jamie and Mary had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Mary
Then in the morning, Charles and Sarah had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then in the morning, Travis and Jamie were thinking about going to the school. Travis wanted to give a bone to Jamie
Then, Amy and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Amy
Then Amber and Rachel were thinking about going to the garden, and Amber wanted to give a necklace to Rachel
Friends separated at birth Melissa and Steven found a computer at the hospital. Melissa gave it to Steven
Then Crystal and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Crystal
Then Thomas and Megan were working at the house, and Thomas decided to give a basketball to Megan
Then, Charles and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
After the lunch in the afternoon, Brandon and Angela went to the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
While spending time together Matthew and Melissa were commuting to the office, Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Bryan were thinking about going to the school. Jeffrey wanted to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Andrea and Alicia were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Andrea wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then, Dustin and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then Samantha and Ryan had a lot of fun at the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
After the lunch, Stephen and Amy went to the office. Stephen gave a ring to Amy
The local big house Amanda and Nicole went to had a ring. Amanda gave it to Nicole
Afterwards, Emily and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store. Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Tyler
Then Vanessa and Justin had a lot of fun at the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
After the lunch Adam and Richard went to the station, and Richard gave a snack to Adam
Then, Rachel and Timothy were working at the office. Timothy decided to give a computer to Rachel
Then in the morning, Danielle and Steven were thinking about going to the store. Danielle wanted to give a necklace to Steven
After the lunch, Jesse and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Eric and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Jason
Afterwards, Melissa and Adam went to the store. Melissa gave a computer to Adam
Then Cody and Scott were working at the station, and Scott decided to give a bone to Cody
Then, Nicole and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Nicole and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Nicole
After the lunch Cody and Kelly went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
After the lunch Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Eric and Aaron had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then Nathan and William went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then in the morning, Paul and Michelle went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then in the morning, Rachel and Samuel were thinking about going to the station. Rachel wanted to give a ring to Samuel
Then in the morning afterwards, Shannon and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
Then, Christina and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Daniel wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then Megan and Thomas were thinking about going to the house, and Thomas wanted to give a basketball to Megan
Then Charles and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then Brian and Christopher had a lot of fun at the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Samantha and Ryan were thinking about going to the station, and Samantha wanted to give a ring to Ryan
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store. Tyler wanted to give a computer to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Amanda and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Nicole
Then Kyle and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Mary
While spending time together Adam and Cody were working at the office, Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Patrick and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then in the morning, Andrea and Vanessa were working at the school. Andrea decided to give a bone to Vanessa
Then, Dustin and Jennifer were thinking about going to the garden. Jennifer wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then Lisa and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Lisa
Then, Vanessa and Andrea had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Vanessa
Then Christine and Brian had a lot of fun at the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Crystal and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Crystal
The local big hospital Melissa and Steven went to had a computer. Melissa gave it to Steven
Then, Samantha and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Christine
Then in the morning, Andrea and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Alicia
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Elizabeth
Then, Shannon and Joseph went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a computer to Joseph
After the lunch, Kristen and Michael went to the school. Kristen gave a drink to Michael
Afterwards Jose and Patrick went to the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then Jessica and James were thinking about going to the store, and James wanted to give a computer to Jessica
After the lunch Paul and Sean went to the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Jeremy and Michael went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to Michael
While spending time together Andrew and Gregory were working at the house, Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Jamie and Paul were thinking about going to the school, and Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Melissa and Adam had a lot of fun at the store. Melissa gave a computer to Adam
Then, Paul and Charles were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a bone to Charles
Then Erin and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school, and Brittany gave a ring to Erin
When soon afterwards Travis and Jamie got a bone at the school, Travis decided to give the bone to Jamie
Then, Amanda and Stephanie were working at the school. Stephanie decided to give a drink to Amanda
After the lunch Michelle and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
After the lunch Paul and Jamie went to the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Friends separated at birth Jose and Patrick found a drink at the garden. Jose gave it to Patrick
After the lunch Jessica and James went to the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
The local big school Emily and Jesse went to had a necklace. Emily gave it to Jesse
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Scott had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Scott
Then, Cody and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden. Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then, Katherine and Thomas were thinking about going to the station. Katherine wanted to give a computer to Thomas
After the lunch Melissa and Matthew went to the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Kyle and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Kyle
Then in the morning afterwards, Samantha and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Then in the morning, Brandon and Angela were thinking about going to the house. Brandon wanted to give a computer to Angela
Then Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Eric and Christina had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Eric
While spending time together Jacob and Kyle were working at the store, Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Thomas and Kelly were thinking about going to the station. Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Thomas
Then Angela and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Angela
Then, Thomas and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Thomas
Then Jennifer and Sean were thinking about going to the store, and Jennifer wanted to give a basketball to Sean
Then Melissa and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the store, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Sara and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Sara
Then, Matthew and William had a lot of fun at the office. Matthew gave a snack to William
The local big store Samantha and Elizabeth went to had a snack. Samantha gave it to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Sean went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Amy and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then Tiffany and Nicole had a lot of fun at the house, and Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Lauren and Katie were working at the school, and Katie decided to give a basketball to Lauren
While spending time together Joshua and Dustin were commuting to the station, Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Danielle and Steven went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Kenneth and Jason were thinking about going to the house. Jason wanted to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Gregory and Samuel went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
Then Matthew and Melissa went to the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Cody and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Cody
Afterwards, Paul and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then in the morning, Paul and Michelle had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Afterwards Joseph and Katie went to the station, and Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then, Jason and Erin were thinking about going to the garden. Jason wanted to give a snack to Erin
Then, Paul and Charles were working at the office. Paul decided to give a bone to Charles
Then in the morning, Eric and Jason were thinking about going to the house. Eric wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then Lauren and Katie had a lot of fun at the school, and Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards, Melissa and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to Melissa
Then Anthony and Dustin were working at the house, and Anthony decided to give a basketball to Dustin
Then in the morning, Jamie and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Mary
Friends separated at birth Joshua and Dustin found a computer at the station. Joshua gave it to Dustin
Then Nicole and Katie had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Nicole
Then in the morning, Jessica and Nathan went to the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then Megan and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch Jamie and Paul went to the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch, Jeremy and Michael went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to Michael
Then, Elizabeth and John had a lot of fun at the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Andrew and Charles had a lot of fun at the station. Andrew gave a kiss to Charles
Afterwards Rachel and Amber went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then in the morning, Thomas and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Megan
After the lunch, Paul and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Joseph and Katie were working at the station. Katie decided to give a kiss to Joseph
Afterwards, Gregory and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
Then Andrew and William had a long argument, and after that William said to Andrew
After the lunch, Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Christina and Vanessa were working at the store. Christina decided to give a snack to Vanessa
Then, Samantha and Christine were thinking about going to the garden. Samantha wanted to give a computer to Christine
Then, Rebecca and David went to the garden. Rebecca gave a bone to David
Then Nicholas and Paul were thinking about going to the hospital, and Paul wanted to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Amanda and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Laura said to Amanda
Then, Michael and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Steven and Melissa had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
After the lunch, Lisa and Samuel went to the office. Lisa gave a drink to Samuel
Then Benjamin and Tiffany were thinking about going to the hospital, and Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning afterwards, Robert and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Richard
Then, Tiffany and Megan had a long argument and after that Megan said to Tiffany
Then, Kyle and Jacob were working at the store. Jacob decided to give a bone to Kyle
Afterwards, Samantha and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then, Samantha and Christine had a lot of fun at the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Christine
Then Amanda and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Amanda
Then, Robert and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Robert
Then in the morning, Christina and Benjamin were thinking about going to the house. Christina wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Alicia and James went to the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Eric and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the garden. Eric gave a computer to Stephanie
Afterwards, Charles and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Then Joshua and Anthony had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Paul and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then in the morning, Christopher and Jennifer were thinking about going to the garden. Christopher wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
Afterwards, Scott and Allison went to the school. Scott gave a computer to Allison
Then, Alexander and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Alexander said to Jamie
Then, Dustin and Joshua were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then Ashley and Lauren were thinking about going to the store, and Lauren wanted to give a computer to Ashley
Then, Kimberly and Melissa had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Kimberly
Then Lauren and Brittany had a lot of fun at the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Adam and Kimberly went to the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then in the morning, Brandon and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Angela
When soon afterwards Thomas and Angela got a snack at the station, Thomas decided to give it to Angela
Then, Jamie and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Jamie
Then, Heather and Joshua had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Heather
Then in the morning afterwards, Elizabeth and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Tyler
Afterwards, Courtney and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Melissa and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Nicholas and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Nicholas
Then Megan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the school, and Megan wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then Paul and Stephen were thinking about going to the school, and Stephen wanted to give a drink to Paul
Then, Lindsay and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house. Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then Kristen and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Jeremy were thinking about going to the hospital. Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Jeremy
Then Jennifer and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Dustin
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Adam went to the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
After the lunch Tiffany and Vanessa went to the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then John and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to John
Then, Travis and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Travis
Then Gregory and Samuel had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
When soon afterwards Nicholas and Alexander got a kiss at the house, Nicholas decided to give the kiss to Alexander
Then, Steven and Melissa were thinking about going to the hospital. Melissa wanted to give a computer to Steven
Then, Timothy and Christopher had a lot of fun at the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Friends separated at birth Adam and Cody found a kiss at the office. Adam gave it to Cody
Then, Lindsey and Thomas were working at the garden. Thomas decided to give a ring to Lindsey
Then, Brittany and Christopher went to the office. Brittany gave a ring to Christopher
Then Richard and Robert went to the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then Joshua and Michael had a lot of fun at the station, and Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then in the morning, Matthew and Melissa were working at the office. Matthew decided to give a snack to Melissa
The local big house John and Elizabeth went to had a bone. John gave it to Elizabeth
Then, Nathan and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
Friends separated at birth Jeffrey and Bryan found a kiss at the school. Jeffrey gave it to Bryan
Then, Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Then in the morning, Shannon and Amanda were thinking about going to the store. Shannon wanted to give a drink to Amanda
Then, Cody and Gregory had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Cody
Then, David and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to David
Afterwards Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Afterwards Lauren and Brittany went to the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Anthony and Dustin were thinking about going to the house, and Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Dustin
Friends separated at birth Joshua and Erica found a necklace at the station. Joshua gave it to Erica
Afterwards Erin and Brittany went to the school, and Brittany gave a ring to Erin
While spending time together Cody and Kelly were working at the office, Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then in the morning, John and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the house. John wanted to give a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Emily and Michael were thinking about going to the hospital. Michael wanted to give a bone to Emily
After the lunch, Jason and Erin went to the garden. Jason gave a snack to Erin
Afterwards, Bryan and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Tiffany were working at the station. Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Kenneth and Jamie were working at the office. Jamie decided to give a ring to Kenneth
Then, Adam and Angela were thinking about going to the store. Adam wanted to give a kiss to Angela
Afterwards, Amy and Emily went to the station. Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then, Alicia and Patrick had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Patrick
After the lunch, Matthew and Joshua went to the store. Matthew gave a bone to Joshua
Then in the morning, Lauren and Brittany went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Jennifer and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Jennifer
When soon afterwards Amanda and Ryan got a kiss at the house, Amanda decided to give the kiss to Ryan
Then, John and Anthony had a long argument and after that Anthony said to John
Then Stephen and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then Emily and Cody were working at the station, and Cody decided to give a kiss to Emily
Then Tyler and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Jesse and Emily were thinking about going to the school, and Emily wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Afterwards Bradley and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then Rachel and Amber went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Jonathan and Aaron went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Amanda and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Amanda
Then, Jacob and Thomas were working at the school. Jacob decided to give a ring to Thomas
Then in the morning, Samantha and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Kelly and Cody were working at the office, and Cody decided to give a snack to Kelly
Friends separated at birth Vanessa and Tiffany found a basketball at the station. Vanessa gave it to Tiffany
Then Daniel and Jeremy were thinking about going to the house, and Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Daniel
Then Tyler and Ryan had a lot of fun at the office, and Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then, Charles and Danielle had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Charles
Then in the morning, Jamie and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then Nicole and Paul were working at the hospital, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Paul
Afterwards, Ryan and Samantha went to the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then, Sara and Daniel had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Daniel
Afterwards, Jamie and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Rebecca
Then Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
While spending time together Shannon and Amanda were commuting to the store, Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then Travis and Jamie had a lot of fun at the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Alicia and Patrick had a lot of fun at the garden. Alicia gave a drink to Patrick
Then in the morning, Christine and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Alexander
Then, Ryan and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
After the lunch Lisa and Jose went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Vanessa and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Emily and Jesse were working at the school. Emily decided to give a necklace to Jesse
When soon afterwards Jose and Patrick got a drink at the garden, Jose decided to give it to Patrick
Then Cody and Gregory went to the hospital, and Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
Then Justin and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then Aaron and Jonathan were thinking about going to the store, and Jonathan wanted to give a ring to Aaron
Then in the morning, John and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Elizabeth
Then Lindsay and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
Then Jonathan and Steven went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Afterwards, while spending time together Jessica and Nathan went to the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Afterwards, Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
Then, Elizabeth and John were thinking about going to the house. John wanted to give a bone to Elizabeth
Then Jeremy and Samuel were thinking about going to the garden, and Jeremy wanted to give a basketball to Samuel
Then in the morning, Alicia and James were thinking about going to the store. Alicia wanted to give a basketball to James
After taking a long break Alicia and James went to the store, Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Kimberly and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
After the lunch Tiffany and Nicole went to the house, and Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then, Shannon and Lauren had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Shannon
Afterwards, Nathan and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then in the morning afterwards, Jamie and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Kenneth
Then Thomas and Megan had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Afterwards, Scott and Kenneth went to the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
Then, Andrew and Charles were working at the station. Andrew decided to give a kiss to Charles
Afterwards Paul and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Sara and Eric were thinking about going to the office. Eric wanted to give a drink to Sara
After the lunch, Tiffany and Vanessa went to the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a lot of fun at the station. Katherine gave a computer to Thomas
Then Paul and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Sean
Afterwards Adam and Richard went to the station, and Richard gave a snack to Adam
After the lunch, Heather and Jamie went to the hospital. Heather gave a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch Matthew and Melissa went to the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then, James and Heather had a lot of fun at the hospital. James gave a drink to Heather
After the lunch, Alexander and Jason went to the station. Alexander gave a necklace to Jason
Then Emily and Cody had a lot of fun at the station, and Cody gave a kiss to Emily
While spending time together Jennifer and Sean were commuting to the store, Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Joseph and Shannon were thinking about going to the store, and Shannon wanted to give a drink to Joseph
When soon afterwards Megan and Tiffany got a necklace at the school, Megan decided to give the necklace to Tiffany
Then, Christina and Daniel had a long argument and after that Daniel said to Christina
Afterwards Brian and Christopher went to the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Patrick and Jose had a lot of fun at the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then, Charles and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Charles
Then, Sara and Eric had a lot of fun at the office. Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then in the morning, Scott and Cody were working at the station. Scott decided to give a bone to Cody
Friends separated at birth Stephen and Samantha found a basketball at the hospital. Stephen gave it to Samantha
Then, Jesse and Emily had a lot of fun at the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then in the morning, Kyle and Mary had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Mary
After the lunch Amy and Emily went to the station, and Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then, Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Alicia and Brian went to the school. Alicia gave a bone to Brian
Then, Paul and Charles had a long argument and after that Paul said to Charles
Then Amber and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Amber
Then Gregory and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Gregory
While spending time together Amber and Rachel were working at the garden, Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
After the lunch Ryan and Samantha went to the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
The local big garden Amber and Rachel went to had a necklace. Amber gave it to Rachel
Then in the morning, Matthew and Melissa went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Travis and Jamie went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards Nathan and William went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
While spending time together Robert and Richard were working at the office, Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then Jeremy and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Jeremy
Then, Tiffany and Megan were thinking about going to the school. Megan wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Matthew and Joshua had a long argument and after that Matthew said to Joshua
Then Christine and Alexander went to the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then, Adam and Richard were working at the station. Richard decided to give a snack to Adam
Then, Shannon and Joseph were thinking about going to the restaurant. Shannon wanted to give a computer to Joseph
Then, Megan and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Megan
Friends separated at birth Amber and Rachel found a necklace at the garden. Amber gave it to Rachel
Then in the morning afterwards, Rachel and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Then in the morning afterwards, Brandon and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, Paul and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then Benjamin and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Benjamin
Then, Sean and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then Christopher and Timothy had a long argument, and after that Christopher said to Timothy
Then, Christina and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Elizabeth
Then, Lindsay and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Lindsay
Then John and Allison were working at the restaurant, and Allison decided to give a computer to John
Afterwards Cody and Gregory went to the hospital, and Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
After taking a long break Jessica and Nathan went to the school, Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Eric and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Eric said to Stephanie
Then Joshua and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Afterwards Steven and Jonathan went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Jeremy
The local big store Christine and Brian went to had a bone. Christine gave it to Brian
Afterwards, Melissa and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
While spending time together Thomas and Megan were working at the house, Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
After the lunch Brian and Christine went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Tiffany and Samuel were working at the store, and Samuel decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards, Benjamin and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
After taking a long break Christopher and Timothy went to the school, Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
When soon afterwards Thomas and Angela got a snack at the station, Thomas decided to give the snack to Angela
Afterwards Emily and Aaron went to the house, and Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Then in the morning afterwards, William and Andrew had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Andrew
Then, Eric and Sean had a long argument and after that Sean said to Eric
Then, Cody and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
Then Andrew and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Charles and Danielle were working at the store, and Danielle decided to give a ring to Charles
After the lunch, Adam and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
After taking a long break Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital, Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Kyle and Laura had a lot of fun at the hospital. Kyle gave a necklace to Laura
Then Scott and Travis had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Scott
Then Nathan and Jessica had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Nathan
When soon afterwards Nathan and William got a kiss at the hospital, Nathan decided to give the kiss to William
Afterwards, Benjamin and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
While spending time together Tiffany and Rebecca were working at the restaurant, Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch Elizabeth and Samantha went to the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Lindsey and Thomas were working at the garden, and Thomas decided to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Robert and Richard were working at the office, and Robert decided to give a kiss to Richard
Afterwards, while spending time together Jamie and Mary went to the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Then Joseph and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then, Jacob and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Jacob gave a ring to Thomas
Then, Stephen and John had a lot of fun at the garden. Stephen gave a bone to John
Then Jose and Lisa went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Gregory and Jesse went to the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Jesse
When soon afterwards Cody and Kelly got a snack at the office, Cody decided to give the snack to Kelly
Then, Jennifer and Christopher had a lot of fun at the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
After taking a long break Christina and Benjamin went to the house, Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
After the lunch Charles and Lindsay went to the store, and Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
When soon afterwards Kristen and Stephen got a necklace at the garden, Kristen decided to give the necklace to Stephen
Then, Paul and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Emily and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Emily
Then, Sean and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then Dustin and Joshua were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Alexander and Christine had a long argument and after that Christine said to Alexander
Then Brian and Christopher went to the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then James and Jessica had a lot of fun at the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
The local big station Michael and Elizabeth went to had a ring. Michael gave it to Elizabeth
After the lunch Alexander and Nicholas went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Jessica and James were working at the store, and James decided to give a computer to Jessica
Afterwards Jonathan and Robert went to the house, and Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Courtney and David had a lot of fun at the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Erica and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Erica
Then, Rachel and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
Then Samantha and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
After the lunch Courtney and Sean went to the office, and Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Patrick and Brittany were thinking about going to the house. Patrick wanted to give a drink to Brittany
Then Lauren and Travis were thinking about going to the school, and Travis wanted to give a ring to Lauren
Then Scott and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Scott
Afterwards, William and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ashley and Thomas went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then in the morning, Paul and Nicholas were working at the hospital. Paul decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Angela and Jeremy were working at the station. Angela decided to give a computer to Jeremy
Then Amanda and Laura had a lot of fun at the house, and Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Then Brittany and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Alicia and Brian had a lot of fun at the school. Alicia gave a bone to Brian
Friends separated at birth Kenneth and Tiffany found a necklace at the office. Kenneth gave it to Tiffany
Friends separated at birth Brandon and Michael found a drink at the school. Brandon gave it to Michael
Then in the morning, Jason and Kenneth went to the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
After the lunch, Vanessa and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Ashley and Gregory were thinking about going to the hospital, and Gregory wanted to give a snack to Ashley
Afterwards, Ryan and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a snack to Ryan
While spending time together Kyle and Mary were commuting to the station, Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Lindsey and Thomas had a lot of fun at the garden. Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Justin and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then Elizabeth and William had a lot of fun at the garden, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Andrea and Vanessa found a bone at the school. Andrea gave it to Vanessa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Scott and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Scott
Then Lauren and Katie went to the school, and Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Then, Jennifer and Anthony had a lot of fun at the garden. Jennifer gave a drink to Anthony
Then in the morning, Jose and Patrick had a lot of fun at the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then, Sara and Kevin had a long argument and after that Kevin said to Sara
After the lunch, Michael and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Afterwards, Christina and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Charles and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Charles
After the lunch Kyle and Ryan went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
After the lunch in the afternoon, Charles and Sarah went to the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Anthony and Christopher went to the garden. Anthony gave a computer to Christopher
After the lunch Gregory and Samuel went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Bradley and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Eric and Alexander were working at the hospital. Eric decided to give a bone to Alexander
Then in the morning afterwards, Andrea and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Then Amber and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Rachel
Then in the morning, Amanda and Ryan were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Alexander and Nicholas went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Ryan and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, John and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to John
Then, Rachel and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Joshua and Michael were working at the station. Michael decided to give a drink to Joshua
Afterwards, while spending time together Kyle and Mary went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then Aaron and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
After the lunch Andrea and Vanessa went to the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Benjamin
Then, Jesse and Emily were thinking about going to the school. Emily wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
After the lunch Amber and Rachel went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Nicole had a lot of fun at the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
After taking a long break Thomas and Angela went to the station, Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Friends separated at birth Matthew and Jesse found a kiss at the house. Matthew gave it to Jesse
Then, Lauren and Katie were thinking about going to the school. Katie wanted to give a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards, while spending time together Robert and Richard went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Sean said to Jennifer
Then, Michelle and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the hospital. Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
Then, Christina and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the store. Christina gave a snack to Vanessa
Then in the morning, David and Courtney went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then in the morning, Robert and Richard were working at the office. Robert decided to give a kiss to Richard
Then Daniel and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch, Brian and Sean went to the house. Brian gave a ring to Sean
Then Ashley and Thomas were working at the school, and Ashley decided to give a drink to Thomas
Then Nicholas and Matthew were working at the station, and Matthew decided to give a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch Megan and Sara went to the hospital, and Sara gave a snack to Megan
After the lunch, Christina and Elizabeth went to the office. Christina gave a drink to Elizabeth
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Anthony
Then Ryan and Amy were thinking about going to the station, and Amy wanted to give a snack to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicole and Paul went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then Tiffany and Nicole went to the house, and Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then, Jason and Amanda had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Jason
After taking a long break Jason and Kenneth went to the house, Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Afterwards, Robert and Sarah went to the garden. Robert gave a ring to Sarah
Then Scott and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Travis wanted to give a necklace to Scott
Afterwards, Timothy and Jacob went to the school. Timothy gave a bone to Jacob
Afterwards Sean and Jennifer went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Gregory and Samuel were working at the hospital, and Samuel decided to give a ring to Gregory
Then, Jessica and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Kyle
After the lunch, Andrea and Joshua went to the store. Andrea gave a necklace to Joshua
Then Jamie and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Kenneth
Then Katherine and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Katherine
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer were working at the hospital. Jennifer decided to give a snack to Jonathan
Then, Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Katherine
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Daniel had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Daniel
Then Kevin and Sara had a lot of fun at the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
When soon afterwards Christopher and Jennifer got a snack at the garden, Christopher decided to give the snack to Jennifer
After the lunch, Cody and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
Friends separated at birth Christopher and Jennifer found a snack at the garden. Christopher gave it to Jennifer
Then Cody and Aaron had a long argument, and after that Aaron said to Cody
Then Gregory and Tyler were working at the restaurant, and Tyler decided to give a ring to Gregory
Afterwards, while spending time together Joshua and Dustin went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Thomas
Then, Jamie and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards, Megan and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a snack to Megan
Then Samuel and Paul had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Paul
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kevin and Sara went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Kimberly and Adam were thinking about going to the house, and Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then John and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to John
Then Michelle and Paul went to the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch, Megan and Joshua went to the station. Megan gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Elizabeth and Michael had a long argument and after that Michael said to Elizabeth
Then Jesse and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Jesse
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jason and Kenneth went to the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Amanda and Nicole went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
When soon afterwards Brandon and Michael got a drink at the school, Brandon decided to give the drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Paul and Sean went to the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
Afterwards Amy and Emily went to the station, and Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then, Eric and Aaron had a lot of fun at the hospital. Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then in the morning afterwards, Kevin and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Sara
Then Thomas and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Kelly said to Thomas
Then Samantha and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Samantha
Then, Samuel and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then James and Jessica were working at the store, and James decided to give a computer to Jessica
Then, Katherine and Thomas were working at the station. Katherine decided to give a computer to Thomas
While spending time together Paul and Sean were commuting to the office, Paul gave a snack to Sean
When soon afterwards Melissa and Steven got a computer at the hospital, Melissa decided to give the computer to Steven
After the lunch Kyle and Mary went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Afterwards Matthew and Jesse went to the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Shannon and Amanda were working at the store, and Shannon decided to give a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Travis and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Travis gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Melissa and Adam had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Adam
Then Courtney and Amber had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Afterwards, Jacob and Thomas went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to Thomas
After the lunch Jonathan and Aaron went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Courtney and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Then Jennifer and Sean had a lot of fun at the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Lauren and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Alexander
Then, Joseph and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Joseph
Then Scott and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
Then, Jason and Eric were working at the house. Eric decided to give a snack to Jason
Then, Stephen and Kristen had a lot of fun at the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then, Heather and Joshua were working at the house. Joshua decided to give a basketball to Heather
Then, Shannon and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Shannon
Then Kimberly and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Sarah said to Kimberly
Afterwards, Anthony and Christopher went to the garden. Anthony gave a computer to Christopher
After the lunch, Bryan and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then, Patrick and Brittany went to the house. Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
After the lunch, Jessica and Kyle went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a snack to Kyle
After the lunch, Elizabeth and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Amanda and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Amanda
While spending time together Nicholas and Christina were working at the station, Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Andrea and Scott had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Scott
Then, Alicia and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the store. Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
After the lunch in the afternoon, Thomas and Megan went to the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then in the morning, Paul and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, John and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to John
Then, Bradley and Alicia were thinking about going to the store. Alicia wanted to give a kiss to Bradley
Then in the morning, Jose and Patrick were working at the garden. Jose decided to give a drink to Patrick
Then in the morning, Jose and Lisa were working at the hospital. Jose decided to give a ring to Lisa
Afterwards, Katherine and Thomas went to the station. Katherine gave a computer to Thomas
After the lunch Heather and Joshua went to the house, and Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then Erica and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Sara and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Amber
Then Jamie and Shannon were working at the house, and Shannon decided to give a computer to Jamie
After the lunch, Kenneth and Jason went to the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then, Kimberly and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Cody
Then, Kimberly and Sarah were working at the office. Sarah decided to give a necklace to Kimberly
Afterwards Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Gregory and Jesse were thinking about going to the hospital. Gregory wanted to give a snack to Jesse
Then in the morning, Jamie and Mary were thinking about going to the garden. Jamie wanted to give a ring to Mary
Then, Sara and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Richard
Then Jesse and Lauren went to the school, and Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then in the morning, William and Andrew were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then, Aaron and Jesse were working at the station. Aaron decided to give a computer to Jesse
Then, Cody and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Lindsey and Katherine went to the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lauren and Brittany went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
After the lunch Christopher and Brian went to the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Jeremy and Daniel went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Christina and Nicholas were thinking about going to the station. Nicholas wanted to give a basketball to Christina
Then, Jesse and Allison were working at the office. Allison decided to give a drink to Jesse
Then, Nicole and Alicia were thinking about going to the station. Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Alicia
After the lunch, Heather and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument. Afterwards Katherine said to Lindsey
Then, Anthony and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a computer to Anthony
Then Scott and Cody had a long argument, and after that Scott said to Cody
Then, Joshua and Michelle had a lot of fun at the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Afterwards, Paul and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Elizabeth and Brian had a long argument and after that Elizabeth said to Brian
While spending time together David and Courtney were commuting to the hospital, David gave a snack to Courtney
Then John and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that John said to Elizabeth
Then, Jason and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Paul and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then, Jonathan and Robert had a long argument and after that Robert said to Jonathan
When soon afterwards Scott and Cody got a bone at the station, Scott decided to give it to Cody
Then Amy and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Patrick
Then, Thomas and Ashley were working at the school. Ashley decided to give a drink to Thomas
Then Michael and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the station, and Michael wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Afterwards Charles and Sarah went to the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Afterwards Megan and Thomas went to the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
After the lunch Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Paul and Tyler were working at the house. Paul decided to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Crystal and Kyle went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a kiss to Kyle
Then Ashley and Gregory were working at the hospital, and Gregory decided to give a snack to Ashley
Afterwards Samantha and Ryan went to the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then in the morning, Andrea and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Christopher and Jennifer were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jennifer wanted to give a bone to Christopher
Then, Robert and Adam were thinking about going to the store. Adam wanted to give a ring to Robert
Then Andrew and William were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then, Robert and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then, Sean and Jennifer were working at the station. Sean decided to give a computer to Jennifer
Then Alicia and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then Cody and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Kelly
Then Paul and Justin had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Justin
Then Angela and Brandon were working at the house, and Brandon decided to give a computer to Angela
After the lunch, Crystal and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Michelle and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Michelle
Afterwards Jennifer and Sean went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Lindsey and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Anthony
After the lunch, Richard and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Danielle and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Danielle
Then Vanessa and Justin had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then Joshua and Sean had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then Courtney and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Courtney
Friends separated at birth Lindsay and Jeremy found a kiss at the hospital. Lindsay gave it to Jeremy
Then Timothy and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Patrick said to Timothy
Then, Sean and Angela were thinking about going to the office. Angela wanted to give a ring to Sean
Afterwards, Melissa and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then, Gregory and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to Gregory
Then Mary and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Mary
Then, Jamie and Travis were working at the school. Travis decided to give a bone to Jamie
Afterwards Kimberly and Adam went to the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then, Lindsey and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital. Lindsey gave a bone to Anthony
After the lunch Emily and Aaron went to the house, and Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Then, Vanessa and Kyle were working at the house. Kyle decided to give a kiss to Vanessa
After the lunch Amanda and Nicole went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards Megan and Tiffany went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
The local big school Megan and Tiffany went to had a necklace. Megan gave it to Tiffany
Then Cody and Gregory were working at the hospital, and Gregory decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then, Elizabeth and William were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Kyle and Ryan were thinking about going to the hospital. Ryan wanted to give a ring to Kyle
Then, Ryan and Nicholas were thinking about going to the hospital. Ryan wanted to give a basketball to Nicholas
Then, Angela and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a bone to Angela
After the lunch Michael and Elizabeth went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Timothy and Christopher were thinking about going to the school, and Christopher wanted to give a bone to Timothy
Afterwards, Lisa and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Afterwards Jamie and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch Gregory and Andrew went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Eric and Emily went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Emily
Then Katherine and Thomas were working at the restaurant, and Thomas decided to give a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning, David and Courtney were thinking about going to the hospital. David wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Kristen and Angela had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Angela
Then in the morning, Jessica and Nathan were thinking about going to the school. Jessica wanted to give a ring to Nathan
Then, Tyler and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Tyler
After the lunch, Aaron and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then Jennifer and Christopher went to the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Patrick and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then, Alicia and Nicole were working at the restaurant. Alicia decided to give a bone to Nicole
Then in the morning afterwards, Kenneth and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Nicole
Then Dustin and Anthony were working at the house, and Anthony decided to give a basketball to Dustin
Then Kimberly and Kristen had a long argument, and afterwards Kristen said to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Amber and Rachel were thinking about going to the garden. Amber wanted to give a necklace to Rachel
When soon afterwards Paul and Justin got a bone at the house, Paul decided to give the bone to Justin
Then, Danielle and Alicia were thinking about going to the restaurant. Alicia wanted to give a computer to Danielle
After taking a long break Andrew and Gregory went to the house, Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
While spending time together Emily and Jesse were commuting to the school, Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Tyler and Ryan were working at the office, and Ryan decided to give a ring to Tyler
Afterwards Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then Christine and Alexander had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Angela and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Angela
Then Paul and Jennifer were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jennifer wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Then Nathan and William had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to William
Then, Jamie and Shannon were working at the house. Shannon decided to give a computer to Jamie
Afterwards, Paul and Charles went to the office. Paul gave a bone to Charles
Then Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
While spending time together Matthew and Jesse were working at the house, Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Thomas and Megan were thinking about going to the house, and Thomas wanted to give a basketball to Megan
Then Elizabeth and Tyler had a lot of fun at the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Travis and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Travis said to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Kevin and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Sara
Then, Vanessa and Kyle were thinking about going to the house. Kyle wanted to give a kiss to Vanessa
After the lunch, Jamie and Tyler went to the station. Jamie gave a bone to Tyler
After the lunch in the afternoon, Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Samuel and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Michelle and Paul were working at the office. Paul decided to give a necklace to Michelle
Then, Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Lindsey
Then, Shannon and Joseph had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then Jessica and James had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jessica
Then, Stephanie and Aaron were working at the garden. Stephanie decided to give a ring to Aaron
Then Ryan and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Ryan
Then, Shannon and Joseph had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Shannon gave a computer to Joseph
Then Samantha and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Samantha
Then Erin and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Brittany said to Erin
Then in the morning, Joshua and Dustin were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Nicholas and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Nicholas
Afterwards, Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then, Scott and Nicole were working at the station. Scott decided to give a bone to Nicole
After the lunch, Scott and Allison went to the school. Scott gave a computer to Allison
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Erin and Joseph were thinking about going to the office. Erin wanted to give a drink to Joseph
Then Emily and Cody were thinking about going to the station, and Cody wanted to give a kiss to Emily
Then, Andrea and Joshua were thinking about going to the store. Andrea wanted to give a necklace to Joshua
Then Jonathan and Steven were thinking about going to the garden, and Jonathan wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Then Sean and Eric went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
After the lunch Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
While spending time together Stephen and Samantha were working at the hospital, Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
While spending time together Joshua and Sean were commuting to the station, Joshua gave a drink to Sean
While spending time together Alicia and James were working at the store, Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Amber and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Amber
After the lunch, Rachel and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Daniel were thinking about going to the house. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Daniel
Then, Ryan and Amy were thinking about going to the station. Amy wanted to give a snack to Ryan
Afterwards Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then, Kenneth and Jason were working at the house. Jason decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then, Stephanie and Melissa had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Melissa
Then Benjamin and Paul went to the station, and Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Afterwards, Timothy and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Afterwards, Stephen and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
After the lunch, Angela and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a bone to Angela
Then, Aaron and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Jesse
Then Tiffany and Thomas were thinking about going to the store, and Tiffany wanted to give a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch, Travis and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then Joshua and Michael were working at the station, and Michael decided to give a drink to Joshua
Then William and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Andrew
Afterwards Mary and Kyle went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch Nicholas and Paul went to the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards, while spending time together Christina and Benjamin went to the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Justin and Vanessa were thinking about going to the school, and Vanessa wanted to give a necklace to Justin
Then, Jamie and Paul had a lot of fun at the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Steven and Jonathan were working at the garden. Jonathan decided to give a kiss to Steven
Then, Andrea and Scott had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Scott
Then Benjamin and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Benjamin
After the lunch, Angela and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Then Charles and Nicole were working at the school, and Nicole decided to give a necklace to Charles
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Aaron had a lot of fun at the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
After taking a long break Paul and Tyler went to the house, Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Thomas and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store. Tiffany wanted to give a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch, Nicholas and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Christopher and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Then, Erica and Eric had a lot of fun at the school. Erica gave a computer to Eric
Then, Angela and Jeremy were thinking about going to the station. Angela wanted to give a computer to Jeremy
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Sara and Eric had a lot of fun at the office, and Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Mary and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
The local big station Rachel and Samuel went to had a ring. Rachel gave it to Samuel
After the lunch Patrick and Amy went to the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Afterwards Elizabeth and Samantha went to the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Justin and Lindsey went to the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then Elizabeth and William were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Erica and Joshua were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a necklace to Erica
After the lunch, Tyler and Christine went to the hospital. Tyler gave a basketball to Christine
Then Thomas and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Thomas
Then, Kristen and Michael had a lot of fun at the school. Kristen gave a drink to Michael
Then Joshua and Anthony went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
While spending time together Vanessa and Justin were working at the school, Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, Paul and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch, Emily and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a kiss to Emily
After the lunch Adam and Cody went to the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then in the morning, Stephen and Samantha had a lot of fun at the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then in the morning, James and Jessica were thinking about going to the store. James wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Afterwards, Anthony and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then, Andrea and Scott went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to Scott
Then, Jesse and Emily were working at the school. Emily decided to give a necklace to Jesse
Then, Melissa and Amy had a long argument and after that Amy said to Melissa
Then Nicholas and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Alexander
Then Gregory and David had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to David
Then, Angela and Brandon were working at the house. Brandon decided to give a computer to Angela
The local big hospital Paul and Nicholas went to had a computer. Paul gave it to Nicholas
Then Travis and Jamie went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
While spending time together Adam and Cody were commuting to the office, Adam gave a kiss to Cody
After taking a long break Matthew and Melissa went to the office, Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then, Kyle and Bradley were working at the station. Kyle decided to give a drink to Bradley
Then Thomas and Kelly had a lot of fun at the station, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
While spending time together Jonathan and Steven were commuting to the garden, Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Amy and Emily went to the station, and Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse had a long argument and after that Jesse said to Elizabeth
Then Scott and Thomas went to the school, and Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Tyler and Ryan had a lot of fun at the office. Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then Joshua and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Dustin
Then Jennifer and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, John and Elizabeth went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsey and Justin went to the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then, Jennifer and Christopher were thinking about going to the garden. Christopher wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
While spending time together Brandon and Michael were commuting to the school, Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Rachel and Timothy had a lot of fun at the office. Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
While spending time together Amanda and Nicole were commuting to the house, Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Travis and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Jessica and Nathan were thinking about going to the office. Jessica wanted to give a drink to Nathan
Then William and Andrew were thinking about going to the garden, and William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Tiffany got a basketball at the station, Vanessa decided to give the basketball to Tiffany
After the lunch Jesse and Lauren went to the school, and Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Jonathan and Anthony were working at the restaurant. Jonathan decided to give a kiss to Anthony
Then, Kyle and Laura went to the hospital. Kyle gave a necklace to Laura
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Sean got a basketball at the store, Jennifer decided to give it to Sean
Afterwards, while spending time together Shannon and Amanda went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, while spending time together Ashley and Thomas went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
After the lunch Aaron and Jonathan went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Alexander and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Alexander said to Jason
Then, Jason and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Erin
Then Kenneth and Nicole were thinking about going to the station, and Kenneth wanted to give a kiss to Nicole
The local big office Paul and Sean went to had a snack. Paul gave it to Sean
Then, Travis and Robert were working at the hospital. Robert decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Steven and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Steven
After the lunch, Sean and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a ring to Sean
After taking a long break Brandon and Michael went to the school, Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Lindsay and Shannon were working at the house, and Shannon decided to give a basketball to Lindsay
Then, Jason and Eric had a long argument and after that Eric said to Jason
The local big restaurant Tiffany and Rebecca went to had a bone. Tiffany gave it to Rebecca
Then Elizabeth and John had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Elizabeth
Then Dustin and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Kenneth and Dustin went to the office. Kenneth gave a snack to Dustin
Then in the morning, Paul and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then Adam and Richard had a long argument, and after that Richard said to Adam
Then, Tiffany and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Kimberly and Sarah were thinking about going to the office, and Sarah wanted to give a necklace to Kimberly
Then Rachel and Samuel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
After the lunch, Stephen and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Jason and James had a lot of fun at the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then, Ashley and Lauren were working at the store. Lauren decided to give a computer to Ashley
Then, Patrick and Jose had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Patrick
Then, Jessica and Nathan had a lot of fun at the office. Jessica gave a drink to Nathan
Then Kelly and Cody were thinking about going to the office, and Cody wanted to give a snack to Kelly
After the lunch, Elizabeth and John went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Sarah and Charles were working at the garden, and Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
The local big garden Jamie and Mary went to had a ring. Jamie gave it to Mary
Then, Gregory and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Alicia and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Danielle
Then, Robert and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Sarah
Then, Paul and Stephen had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Paul
Then in the morning, Amanda and Nicole had a lot of fun at the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Sean were thinking about going to the store. Jennifer wanted to give a basketball to Sean
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
Then, Sarah and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Charles said to Sarah
Then Samuel and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Samuel
When soon afterwards Paul and Tyler got a snack at the house, Paul decided to give it to Tyler
Then Jeremy and Samuel were working at the garden, and Jeremy decided to give a basketball to Samuel
Then, Scott and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Emily and Aaron had a long argument, and after that Aaron said to Emily
Then Lauren and Travis had a lot of fun at the school, and Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Then Gregory and Andrew had a long argument, and after that Andrew said to Gregory
Then Joshua and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Dustin
Then Amanda and Shannon were thinking about going to the store, and Shannon wanted to give a drink to Amanda
Then in the morning, Amy and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then Shannon and Patrick had a lot of fun at the school, and Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then, Angela and Thomas were working at the station. Thomas decided to give a snack to Angela
Then Katherine and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the garden, and Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Then, Matthew and Joshua had a lot of fun at the store. Matthew gave a bone to Joshua
Then, Erica and Joshua had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Erica
Then, Jennifer and Crystal were working at the hospital. Crystal decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then Vanessa and Kyle were working at the house, and Kyle decided to give a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Rebecca and David had a lot of fun at the garden. Rebecca gave a bone to David
Then, Gregory and Erin had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Erin
Then Amanda and Ryan were working at the house, and Amanda decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then in the morning, Brandon and Angela went to the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then Amanda and Shannon had a lot of fun at the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Ryan and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Ryan
Then, Brian and Katie had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Brian gave a necklace to Katie
Then, Katherine and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the garden. Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Then Jason and Eric went to the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then Eric and Aaron had a long argument, and after that Aaron said to Eric
Then Elizabeth and John were working at the house, and John decided to give a bone to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Adam and Angela went to the store. Adam gave a kiss to Angela
When soon afterwards Kenneth and Nicole got a kiss at the station, Kenneth decided to give the kiss to Nicole
Then, Thomas and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Jacob and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Paul
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the garden. Elizabeth wanted to give a computer to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Brandon and Michael went to the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Melissa and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Melissa
Afterwards Kelly and Cody went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then in the morning, Matthew and Jesse went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Afterwards, Christopher and Megan went to the school. Christopher gave a drink to Megan
Then Paul and Sean went to the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
While spending time together Lauren and Ashley were commuting to the store, Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Afterwards Tiffany and Megan went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, while spending time together Samuel and Tiffany went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
After the lunch, Katherine and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Afterwards Paul and Jamie went to the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Thomas and Amber had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Amber
Then Kimberly and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
Then Kenneth and Nicole had a lot of fun at the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
While spending time together Nicholas and Alexander were commuting to the house, Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then in the morning, Samuel and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Tiffany
Then, Joseph and Shannon had a lot of fun at the store. Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Then, Samantha and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
While spending time together Joshua and Anthony were commuting to the station, Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
While spending time together Tiffany and Thomas were commuting to the store, Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Stephen and Samantha had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Paul and Nicole were working at the hospital. Nicole decided to give a computer to Paul
Then Amber and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch, Sean and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Afterwards Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Afterwards, Jennifer and Anthony went to the garden. Jennifer gave a drink to Anthony
Then Samantha and Ryan went to the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
The local big hospital Jennifer and Jonathan went to had a snack. Jennifer gave it to Jonathan
Then Ashley and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to Ashley
Then, Heather and Jamie went to the hospital. Heather gave a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards Elizabeth and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Crystal and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Crystal
After the lunch Courtney and David went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then in the morning, Andrew and Gregory went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Robert and Adam were thinking about going to the store, and Adam wanted to give a ring to Robert
Then Heather and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Heather
Then, Jamie and Dustin were thinking about going to the school. Dustin wanted to give a bone to Jamie
When soon afterwards Andrew and Gregory got a kiss at the house, Andrew decided to give it to Gregory
Then Michael and Elizabeth were working at the station, and Michael decided to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Benjamin
Then Travis and Robert were thinking about going to the hospital, and Robert wanted to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Samantha and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Samantha
The local big hospital Tiffany and Benjamin went to had a snack. Tiffany gave it to Benjamin
After the lunch, Courtney and John went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to John
After the lunch, John and Jeffrey went to the station. John gave a computer to Jeffrey
The local big house Jason and Kenneth went to had a drink. Jason gave it to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Steven were working at the garden. Jonathan decided to give a kiss to Steven
Afterwards, Tyler and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Afterwards, Kyle and Bradley went to the station. Kyle gave a drink to Bradley
Then, Kevin and Amy had a long argument and after that Kevin said to Amy
Then in the morning, Stephen and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Paul
When soon afterwards Jamie and Mary got a ring at the garden, Jamie decided to give the ring to Mary
Afterwards, Tyler and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then Sara and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Sara
Then Nicholas and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Christina
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Tyler went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then David and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Courtney
Then Alexander and Nicholas were thinking about going to the house, and Nicholas wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Elizabeth and John had a long argument, and after that John said to Elizabeth
Then Emily and Jesse were working at the school, and Emily decided to give a necklace to Jesse
Afterwards Brandon and Michael went to the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Kyle and Jacob had a long argument and after that Jacob said to Kyle
Then, Erin and Joseph had a long argument and after that Erin said to Joseph
Then Melissa and Jeremy were working at the store, and Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Melissa
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Paul got a kiss at the hospital, Jennifer decided to give it to Paul
Then, Heather and Joshua were thinking about going to the house. Joshua wanted to give a basketball to Heather
Then, Tiffany and Samuel were working at the store. Samuel decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
After the lunch, Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
After the lunch, Nicole and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Scott and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Timothy and Patrick were thinking about going to the hospital, and Patrick wanted to give a basketball to Timothy
Then in the morning, William and Andrew had a lot of fun at the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
Afterwards, John and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to John
When soon afterwards Kristen and Stephen got a necklace at the garden, Kristen decided to give it to Stephen
Then in the morning, Samuel and Paul went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Michael and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Michael
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
After the lunch Amanda and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Megan and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Elizabeth and John went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Jason and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Jamie and Mary went to the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
After the lunch, Kelly and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then Eric and Sean had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Eric
Then Paul and Sean were working at the office, and Paul decided to give a snack to Sean
Then in the morning, Michelle and Joshua had a lot of fun at the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
The local big store Lauren and Ashley went to had a computer. Lauren gave it to Ashley
Then Crystal and Vanessa were thinking about going to the house, and Vanessa wanted to give a ring to Crystal
Then Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument, and after that Christopher said to Jennifer
After the lunch Jamie and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch Matthew and Tiffany went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Afterwards, Joshua and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Kyle and Jacob were thinking about going to the store. Jacob wanted to give a bone to Kyle
Afterwards Samuel and Tiffany went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Angela and Samuel went to the garden, and Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then, Angela and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Travis and Jamie were thinking about going to the school, and Travis wanted to give a bone to Jamie
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Sean went to the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then, Gregory and Andrew had a long argument and after that Andrew said to Gregory
After taking a long break David and Courtney went to the hospital, David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Nicole and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Brian and Christopher were thinking about going to the station, and Brian wanted to give a necklace to Christopher
Then Cody and Adam had a lot of fun at the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Friends separated at birth Travis and Jamie found a bone at the school. Travis gave it to Jamie
Then, Tiffany and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Emily and Jesse went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
After taking a long break Joshua and Dustin went to the station, Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning afterwards, Jonathan and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Aaron
Then, Lauren and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Lauren
Then in the morning, Jason and Kenneth were working at the house. Jason decided to give a drink to Kenneth
After taking a long break Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital, Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Jennifer and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office. Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha were working at the store. Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Matthew and William went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to William
Then in the morning, Danielle and Steven had a lot of fun at the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Jason and James were thinking about going to the restaurant. James wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Gregory and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Tiffany were thinking about going to the office. Kenneth wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then, John and Jeffrey were working at the station. John decided to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Andrea and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Joshua
Then, Nathan and David were working at the restaurant. David decided to give a ring to Nathan
After the lunch Scott and Travis went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Afterwards, while spending time together Nathan and William went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Afterwards Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Samuel were working at the garden. Jeremy decided to give a basketball to Samuel
After the lunch Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
While spending time together Paul and Justin were commuting to the house, Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then, Jennifer and Crystal were thinking about going to the hospital. Crystal wanted to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Ashley and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Dustin and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Dustin
Afterwards James and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
Afterwards John and Anthony went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to John
Then, Crystal and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Jeffrey and Bryan were working at the school, and Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Angela and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Angela said to Jeremy
Afterwards Nicholas and Matthew went to the station, and Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch, Jamie and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch James and Jessica went to the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
Then Justin and Vanessa were working at the school, and Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Justin
After the lunch Justin and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Afterwards, Stephanie and Nicole went to the store. Stephanie gave a necklace to Nicole
Then Mary and Jamie went to the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Afterwards Brian and Christine went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
While spending time together Jennifer and Sean were working at the store, Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Dustin and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
When soon afterwards Brandon and Angela got a computer at the house, Brandon decided to give it to Angela
Then, Angela and Samuel had a lot of fun at the garden. Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then John and Bradley were working at the house, and Bradley decided to give a computer to John
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Adam were working at the house. Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Adam
Then David and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to David
When soon afterwards Ryan and Kyle got a ring at the hospital, Ryan decided to give the ring to Kyle
Then, Jason and James had a long argument. Afterwards James said to Jason
Then Anthony and Richard had a lot of fun at the school, and Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then, Sara and Amber had a long argument and after that Sara said to Amber
Then Lisa and Jose went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Joshua and Dustin had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then Melissa and Amy had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Melissa
Then, James and Heather had a long argument and after that James said to Heather
Then Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Michelle and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Michelle
Then, Thomas and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephen had a lot of fun at the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
After the lunch Lauren and Katie went to the school, and Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Then, Eric and Aaron were working at the hospital. Aaron decided to give a computer to Eric
Afterwards, Elizabeth and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Stephanie and Melissa went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Melissa
The local big garden Charles and Sarah went to had a kiss. Charles gave it to Sarah
Then Angela and Samuel were working at the garden, and Samuel decided to give a computer to Angela
After the lunch Sean and Jennifer went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Danielle and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
The local big house Andrew and Gregory went to had a kiss. Andrew gave it to Gregory
Friends separated at birth Thomas and Angela found a snack at the station. Thomas gave it to Angela
After the lunch, Melissa and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Lisa and Jose had a long argument, and after that Jose said to Lisa
Then, Paul and Stephen were thinking about going to the school. Stephen wanted to give a drink to Paul
After the lunch, Amber and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Then Jose and Lisa had a long argument, and after that Jose said to Lisa
Then, Travis and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Travis gave a bone to Tiffany
Then Scott and Cody went to the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then, Melissa and Matthew were working at the office. Matthew decided to give a snack to Melissa
Then, Vanessa and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
After the lunch Kenneth and Jason went to the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
After the lunch Ashley and Lauren went to the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
After the lunch, Sarah and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Lauren and Ashley were working at the store. Lauren decided to give a computer to Ashley
After the lunch in the afternoon, William and Andrew went to the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
The local big store Shannon and Amanda went to had a drink. Shannon gave it to Amanda
While spending time together Kenneth and Nicole were working at the station, Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Sean went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Afterwards, while spending time together Amanda and Nicole went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Lindsey and Katherine went to the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then, Angela and Brandon had a lot of fun at the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then, Amanda and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the school. Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Sean and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Sean
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsey and Scott went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Afterwards, Mary and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Then, Jamie and Tyler went to the station. Jamie gave a bone to Tyler
Then in the morning, Jessica and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Amber and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
The local big school Jessica and Nathan went to had a ring. Jessica gave it to Nathan
After the lunch, David and John went to the station. David gave a snack to John
Then, Eric and Alexander had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Alexander
Then, Sara and Daniel had a lot of fun at the station. Sara gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Jamie and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Tyler
After the lunch James and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
After the lunch, Steven and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Tyler had a lot of fun at the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Vanessa and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Crystal
Then Kenneth and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
While spending time together John and Elizabeth were commuting to the house, John gave a bone to Elizabeth
When soon afterwards Lauren and Brittany got a drink at the house, Lauren decided to give the drink to Brittany
After the lunch Shannon and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Then Michael and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Michael
When soon afterwards Nicholas and Alexander got a kiss at the house, Nicholas decided to give it to Alexander
Afterwards Kenneth and Jamie went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
After the lunch, Megan and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then Shannon and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Amanda
Then Sara and Eric were thinking about going to the office, and Eric wanted to give a drink to Sara
Then, Scott and Nicole had a lot of fun at the station. Scott gave a bone to Nicole
Then, Brandon and Matthew had a lot of fun at the station. Brandon gave a drink to Matthew
Then, Jamie and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Jose and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Lisa
Afterwards David and Courtney went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Timothy and Jacob had a lot of fun at the school. Timothy gave a bone to Jacob
Then, Eric and Christina had a long argument and after that Christina said to Eric
After the lunch, Alexander and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then in the morning, Ryan and Kyle were thinking about going to the hospital. Ryan wanted to give a ring to Kyle
Then Megan and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Sara said to Megan
Afterwards, Emily and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a kiss to Emily
Then in the morning, Rachel and Samuel had a lot of fun at the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then Anthony and Richard were thinking about going to the school, and Richard wanted to give a ring to Anthony
Afterwards Melissa and Jeremy went to the store, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Afterwards, Crystal and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Then, Jeremy and Michael had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Michael
The local big hospital Ryan and Kyle went to had a ring. Ryan gave it to Kyle
Then, Kenneth and Dustin had a long argument and after that Kenneth said to Dustin
Then Jacob and Kyle had a lot of fun at the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Friends separated at birth David and Courtney found a snack at the hospital. David gave it to Courtney
Then Eric and Aaron were thinking about going to the hospital, and Aaron wanted to give a computer to Eric
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Christina
Then, Shannon and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Joseph
After the lunch Jonathan and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Amber and Stephen had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Afterwards Thomas and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jessica and Nathan went to the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Courtney and Amber were thinking about going to the restaurant. Amber wanted to give a bone to Courtney
Then Amanda and Stephanie were working at the school, and Stephanie decided to give a drink to Amanda
After the lunch, Michelle and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
Then Paul and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Michelle
Afterwards, while spending time together Paul and Jamie went to the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Alicia and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Patrick
Then, Jamie and Dustin had a lot of fun at the school. Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards Emily and Jesse went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Tiffany and Thomas went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Brandon and Michael were working at the school, and Brandon decided to give a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Rebecca were working at the restaurant. Tiffany decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then Scott and Travis went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Thomas and Megan had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Megan
Afterwards, Michelle and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
Then Jesse and Allison had a long argument, and after that Allison said to Jesse
Then, Justin and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Justin
Then Kenneth and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then, Sara and Kevin had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Sara
After the lunch Amanda and Stephanie went to the school, and Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lindsey and Scott went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, Kristen and Michael were thinking about going to the school. Kristen wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then Elizabeth and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Daniel went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards, while spending time together Michael and Elizabeth went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Emily and Aaron had a long argument and after that Aaron said to Emily
Then in the morning, Samantha and Elizabeth were working at the store. Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Rachel and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Rachel
Afterwards, while spending time together Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Amy and Emily had a lot of fun at the station. Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then in the morning afterwards, Bradley and John had a long argument. Afterwards Bradley said to John
Afterwards, Stephanie and Melissa went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Melissa
After the lunch Michelle and Joshua went to the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Melissa
Then, Jamie and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Jamie
Then Steven and Danielle had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Steven
Afterwards Christopher and Timothy went to the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then in the morning, Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Jonathan and Anthony had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Anthony
Then Benjamin and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Benjamin
Then, Joseph and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Joseph
Then, Michael and Aaron were thinking about going to the garden. Michael wanted to give a drink to Aaron
Then, Rebecca and David were thinking about going to the garden. Rebecca wanted to give a bone to David
Then, Rachel and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Rachel
Afterwards Amber and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Afterwards Elizabeth and John went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Lindsey and Justin were thinking about going to the school, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then Melissa and Matthew had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Melissa
After taking a long break Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant, Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Afterwards, while spending time together Christine and Brian went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Sean and Joshua were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a drink to Sean
Afterwards Kimberly and Brandon went to the station, and Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Jason and James had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jason
Then Kevin and Sara were thinking about going to the station, and Kevin wanted to give a bone to Sara
Then, Steven and Melissa were working at the hospital. Melissa decided to give a computer to Steven
Friends separated at birth Alicia and James found a basketball at the store. Alicia gave it to James
Then in the morning afterwards, Eric and Jason had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Jason
Then Cody and Adam had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Cody
Then Bradley and John went to the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
After taking a long break Jamie and Kenneth went to the office, Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Angela and Thomas went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Tyler and Ryan were thinking about going to the office. Ryan wanted to give a ring to Tyler
Then Erin and Brittany went to the school, and Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Emily and Aaron went to the house, and Aaron gave a bone to Emily
When soon afterwards Andrea and Vanessa got a bone at the school, Andrea decided to give it to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Melissa and Steven went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicole and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Paul
Then, Eric and Sean had a lot of fun at the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Melissa and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Steven
Then Adam and Kimberly had a long argument, and afterwards Kimberly said to Adam
Then, Megan and Sara had a long argument and after that Sara said to Megan
After the lunch Lindsey and Justin went to the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
While spending time together Andrea and Vanessa were commuting to the school, Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
While spending time together Nathan and William were working at the hospital, Nathan gave a kiss to William
Afterwards, while spending time together Thomas and Angela went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Lauren and Katie were thinking about going to the school, and Katie wanted to give a basketball to Lauren
After taking a long break Stephen and Paul went to the school, Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Jessica and John were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jessica wanted to give a kiss to John
Then, Tiffany and Kenneth had a long argument and after that Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then, Courtney and Sean were thinking about going to the office. Sean wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Anthony and Richard were working at the school. Richard decided to give a ring to Anthony
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Bryan got a kiss at the school, Jeffrey decided to give it to Bryan
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Daniel had a lot of fun at the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Shannon and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then Amanda and Laura were working at the house, and Laura decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then, Amanda and Laura were working at the house. Laura decided to give a necklace to Amanda
Then in the morning, Joshua and Dustin had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then Vanessa and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Joshua and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Sean
Friends separated at birth Tiffany and Thomas found a kiss at the store. Tiffany gave it to Thomas
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Nicole were working at the station. Kenneth decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then, Eric and Christina were working at the house. Christina decided to give a ring to Eric
Then, Angela and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Jeremy
While spending time together Thomas and Angela were commuting to the station, Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Jason and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Jason
While spending time together Jason and Kenneth were commuting to the house, Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then Stephen and Samantha were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards, Stephanie and Aaron went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Aaron
Then Jesse and Emily had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Jesse
Then Michelle and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Michelle
Then Joshua and Michelle went to the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then Vanessa and Ashley had a lot of fun at the school, and Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Then Aaron and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Aaron
Then Kenneth and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then, John and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a computer to John
Then Kristen and Courtney were working at the school, and Courtney decided to give a necklace to Kristen
Then, Eric and Brian had a lot of fun at the store. Eric gave a ring to Brian
While spending time together Paul and Tyler were commuting to the house, Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Erica had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Erica
Then Ryan and Amy were working at the station, and Amy decided to give a snack to Ryan
Then Lindsey and Thomas had a lot of fun at the garden, and Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Jesse said to Elizabeth
After the lunch Jennifer and Sean went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Erica and Eric went to the school. Erica gave a computer to Eric
Then Eric and Christina had a lot of fun at the house, and Christina gave a ring to Eric
When soon afterwards Jacob and Kyle got a bone at the store, Jacob decided to give it to Kyle
Then, Erin and Joseph had a lot of fun at the office. Erin gave a drink to Joseph
After the lunch Gregory and David went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
While spending time together Rachel and Samuel were working at the station, Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Rachel and Timothy were thinking about going to the office. Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Then William and Andrew had a lot of fun at the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Then Scott and Cody were working at the station, and Scott decided to give a bone to Cody
Then, Anthony and Richard had a long argument. Afterwards Richard said to Anthony
Then in the morning afterwards, Scott and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Scott said to Cody
Then Lauren and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then, Sarah and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then Tiffany and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Paul and Michelle had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Michelle
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nathan and William went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then Ryan and Amanda were working at the house, and Amanda decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Afterwards Kenneth and Jason went to the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Afterwards Robert and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a ring to Robert
While spending time together Christina and Benjamin were working at the house, Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Jennifer and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
After the lunch, Samantha and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards, Elizabeth and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Tyler and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Tyler
Then Jeffrey and Bryan were thinking about going to the school, and Jeffrey wanted to give a kiss to Bryan
After taking a long break Christine and Alexander went to the hospital, Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Friends separated at birth Amy and Patrick found a bone at the hospital. Amy gave it to Patrick
After the lunch Christina and Nicholas went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Friends separated at birth Tiffany and Benjamin found a snack at the hospital. Tiffany gave it to Benjamin
Then, Courtney and Amber were thinking about going to the station. Amber wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Sara and Daniel went to the station. Sara gave a kiss to Daniel
After the lunch Jennifer and Tyler went to the office, and Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
Friends separated at birth Christine and Alexander found a snack at the hospital. Christine gave it to Alexander
Friends separated at birth Rachel and Samuel found a ring at the station. Rachel gave it to Samuel
Then, Timothy and Bradley had a lot of fun at the school. Timothy gave a snack to Bradley
Then, Benjamin and Christina were thinking about going to the house. Christina wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
Then Sean and Jennifer were thinking about going to the store, and Jennifer wanted to give a basketball to Sean
Then, Sara and Kevin had a lot of fun at the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a long argument and after that Elizabeth said to Tyler
Afterwards Christina and Nicholas went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Kyle and Jacob had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Kyle
Then, Kimberly and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden. Kristen wanted to give a computer to Kimberly
Then Christine and Brian were working at the store, and Christine decided to give a bone to Brian
After the lunch Samuel and Paul went to the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then in the morning, Rachel and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Then, Scott and Allison had a lot of fun at the school. Scott gave a computer to Allison
After the lunch, Nicholas and Paul went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards Jessica and James went to the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
Afterwards Andrea and Vanessa went to the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Friends separated at birth Danielle and Steven found a necklace at the store. Danielle gave it to Steven
Then in the morning afterwards, Tiffany and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Anthony and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Then, Stephen and John had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to John
Afterwards, Ryan and Nicholas went to the hospital. Ryan gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then Lindsey and Katherine had a lot of fun at the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then Angela and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a bone to Angela
Then Stephen and Paul were working at the school, and Stephen decided to give a drink to Paul
Then Samuel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
After the lunch, Anthony and Christopher went to the garden. Anthony gave a computer to Christopher
Afterwards, while spending time together Vanessa and Justin went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, David and John were thinking about going to the station. David wanted to give a snack to John
Then Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Katherine
Then Vanessa and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Tiffany
After the lunch Anthony and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Crystal and Vanessa were working at the house. Vanessa decided to give a ring to Crystal
Then, Ashley and Gregory had a long argument and after that Gregory said to Ashley
Afterwards Anthony and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Paul and Michelle were working at the office, and Paul decided to give a necklace to Michelle
Then in the morning, Charles and Sarah were working at the garden. Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then in the morning, Anthony and Dustin went to the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
While spending time together Anthony and Dustin were working at the house, Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards, Jesse and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to Jesse
Afterwards, Sean and Jennifer went to the station. Sean gave a computer to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Samantha and Ryan went to the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
After the lunch Tiffany and Megan went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Shannon and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Patrick said to Shannon
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then Rachel and Samuel were thinking about going to the station, and Rachel wanted to give a ring to Samuel
Then Amy and Patrick were working at the hospital, and Amy decided to give a bone to Patrick
Then, Cody and Aaron were thinking about going to the garden. Aaron wanted to give a drink to Cody
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Justin got a snack at the school, Lindsey decided to give it to Justin
Then Tiffany and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then, John and Jeffrey went to the station. John gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then in the morning afterwards, Michael and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Elizabeth
Then, Matthew and Joshua were working at the store. Matthew decided to give a bone to Joshua
While spending time together Stephen and Samantha were commuting to the hospital, Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Melissa
Then in the morning afterwards, Ashley and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Thomas
Then Angela and Brandon were thinking about going to the house, and Brandon wanted to give a computer to Angela
Then Thomas and Ashley were thinking about going to the school, and Ashley wanted to give a drink to Thomas
Then, Michael and Rachel had a lot of fun at the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards Jason and Kenneth went to the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
While spending time together Jose and Patrick were commuting to the garden, Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then Emily and Cody had a long argument, and after that Cody said to Emily
Then Tyler and Elizabeth were working at the store, and Elizabeth decided to give a kiss to Tyler
Then, Justin and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, Scott and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school. Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Robert and Sarah went to the garden. Robert gave a ring to Sarah
Then Jesse and Matthew were thinking about going to the house, and Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jesse
Then Erica and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then Adam and Cody were thinking about going to the office, and Adam wanted to give a kiss to Cody
Then Paul and Jamie had a lot of fun at the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Charles and Nicole went to the school, and Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then Paul and Stephen were working at the school, and Stephen decided to give a drink to Paul
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Sean
Then, Michael and Rachel were working at the garden. Rachel decided to give a snack to Michael
Then in the morning, Nathan and William had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to William
Then, Christina and Elizabeth went to the office. Christina gave a drink to Elizabeth
Then Rachel and Amber were working at the garden, and Amber decided to give a necklace to Rachel
Then in the morning, Anthony and Dustin were thinking about going to the house. Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Dustin
After the lunch Travis and Robert went to the hospital, and Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Christopher and Brian had a lot of fun at the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Afterwards Jonathan and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
While spending time together Ashley and Thomas were commuting to the school, Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Ryan and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Ryan
Then in the morning afterwards, Andrea and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Alicia
Then Jeremy and Lindsay were thinking about going to the hospital, and Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Benjamin were thinking about going to the hospital. Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
Then Shannon and Amanda had a lot of fun at the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Scott and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Patrick and Amy had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
After the lunch, Kimberly and Tyler went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to Tyler
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer were thinking about going to the hospital. Jennifer wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning afterwards, Jeffrey and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then Ryan and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Then, Sara and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Matthew and Jesse were working at the house, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Jesse
After the lunch, Sean and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then, Kenneth and Jamie had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Kenneth
After the lunch, Scott and Kenneth went to the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
Then in the morning, Jamie and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Kenneth
Then Heather and Ashley were thinking about going to the store, and Ashley wanted to give a basketball to Heather
Then Nicholas and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Nicholas
Afterwards, Jesse and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
After the lunch, Samuel and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
After taking a long break Lauren and Brittany went to the house, Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Stephen and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Samantha
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Justin had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then Angela and Adam had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Angela
Then James and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Justin and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Justin
Then Michael and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Michael
Then Erin and Brittany had a long argument, and after that Brittany said to Erin
When soon afterwards Ashley and Thomas got a drink at the school, Ashley decided to give the drink to Thomas
After the lunch in the afternoon, Brandon and Michael went to the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Sean and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Sean
After the lunch Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then Dustin and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Dustin
Then Thomas and Angela were working at the station, and Thomas decided to give a snack to Angela
While spending time together Jason and Kenneth were working at the house, Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Friends separated at birth Joshua and Sean found a drink at the station. Joshua gave it to Sean
Then, Christina and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a computer to Christina
Then Travis and Robert had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then Melissa and Amy had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Melissa
Then, Kimberly and Kristen had a lot of fun at the garden. Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
Then, Tyler and Christine went to the hospital. Tyler gave a basketball to Christine
Then in the morning, Rachel and Samuel were working at the station. Rachel decided to give a ring to Samuel
Then, Benjamin and Robert went to the office. Benjamin gave a drink to Robert
Then, Sara and Daniel were working at the station. Sara decided to give a kiss to Daniel
Then Charles and Lindsay were thinking about going to the store, and Lindsay wanted to give a drink to Charles
Afterwards Jonathan and Steven went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
After the lunch Jennifer and Christopher went to the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Lindsay and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then, Ryan and Samantha had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Ryan
Then, Brian and Sean went to the house. Brian gave a ring to Sean
Then in the morning afterwards, Kimberly and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Adam
When soon afterwards Travis and Jamie got a bone at the school, Travis decided to give it to Jamie
Then, Tyler and Paul were working at the house. Paul decided to give a snack to Tyler
Then Matthew and Melissa had a lot of fun at the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then in the morning, David and Courtney were working at the hospital. David decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Brandon and Matthew had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Matthew
Then Rebecca and Tiffany were working at the restaurant, and Tiffany decided to give a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant, and Amber gave a bone to Courtney
When soon afterwards Sean and Eric got a kiss at the garden, Sean decided to give the kiss to Eric
Then, James and Heather had a long argument. Afterwards James said to Heather
Then, Kyle and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Nicole and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Emily and Cody had a long argument and after that Cody said to Emily
After the lunch, Timothy and Bradley went to the school. Timothy gave a snack to Bradley
Then Jeremy and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Jeremy
Then Kyle and Mary had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Mary
Afterwards, Justin and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then Elizabeth and Samantha had a lot of fun at the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Steven and Danielle were working at the store. Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Christina had a lot of fun at the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
After the lunch, Emily and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Afterwards, Michael and Aaron went to the garden. Michael gave a drink to Aaron
While spending time together Nicole and Paul were commuting to the hospital, Nicole gave a computer to Paul
After the lunch, Andrea and Scott went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to Scott
Then, Joseph and Shannon were working at the store. Shannon decided to give a drink to Joseph
Then Jeremy and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Jeremy
After the lunch, Cody and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a drink to Cody
After the lunch, Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
After the lunch Emily and Jesse went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then in the morning, Matthew and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Then Alicia and Andrea were working at the restaurant, and Andrea decided to give a snack to Alicia
Then John and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
After the lunch Scott and Kenneth went to the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
Then, Ryan and Nicholas had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Nicholas
While spending time together Jeffrey and Bryan were commuting to the school, Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then Jacob and Kyle were working at the store, and Jacob decided to give a bone to Kyle
Then Thomas and Kelly went to the station, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Melissa and Matthew had a long argument and after that Matthew said to Melissa
Then, Lisa and Samuel were working at the office. Lisa decided to give a drink to Samuel
Then, Sean and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to Sean
Then Jason and Amanda were thinking about going to the store, and Amanda wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Brian and Sean had a lot of fun at the house. Brian gave a ring to Sean
Then Jamie and Dustin were thinking about going to the school, and Dustin wanted to give a bone to Jamie
Then Nathan and David were thinking about going to the restaurant, and David wanted to give a ring to Nathan
Then, Eric and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Kristen and Stephen were thinking about going to the garden, and Kristen wanted to give a necklace to Stephen
When soon afterwards Kyle and Mary got a basketball at the station, Kyle decided to give it to Mary
After the lunch Shannon and Patrick went to the school, and Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Afterwards Michelle and Paul went to the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Charles and Lindsay were working at the store. Lindsay decided to give a drink to Charles
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany were thinking about going to the restaurant. Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Rebecca
Then, Aaron and Jonathan were working at the store. Jonathan decided to give a ring to Aaron
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Nicole
Then Jamie and Paul were working at the school, and Paul decided to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Sean and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
While spending time together Jamie and Mary were working at the garden, Jamie gave a ring to Mary
While spending time together Amanda and Ryan were working at the house, Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Tyler
Afterwards, while spending time together Jason and Kenneth went to the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
The local big station Joshua and Dustin went to had a computer. Joshua gave it to Dustin
Friends separated at birth Nicholas and Alexander found a kiss at the house. Nicholas gave it to Alexander
After the lunch Amanda and Ryan went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then in the morning, Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, Paul and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
The local big garden Christopher and Jennifer went to had a snack. Christopher gave it to Jennifer
Then, Tyler and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Tyler
Then Mary and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Mary
Then, Heather and Ashley were working at the store. Ashley decided to give a basketball to Heather
Then, Courtney and John were working at the station. Courtney decided to give a kiss to John
Then in the morning, Christopher and Timothy were working at the school. Christopher decided to give a bone to Timothy
Then, John and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to John
Then William and Nathan were working at the hospital, and Nathan decided to give a kiss to William
Then Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
While spending time together Jessica and Nathan were working at the school, Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
The local big restaurant Andrea and Alicia went to had a snack. Andrea gave it to Alicia
Then, Eric and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Brian
Then Gregory and David went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
While spending time together Bradley and John were commuting to the house, Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Jamie and Dustin were working at the school. Dustin decided to give a bone to Jamie
Then, Cody and Adam had a lot of fun at the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
After the lunch Jason and Amanda went to the store, and Amanda gave a snack to Jason
Then, Sean and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
After the lunch, Sara and Eric went to the office. Eric gave a drink to Sara
After the lunch, Patrick and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then, Stephanie and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Nicole
Then, Angela and Jeremy went to the station. Angela gave a computer to Jeremy
Then, Shannon and Patrick were thinking about going to the school. Patrick wanted to give a necklace to Shannon
Then, Tyler and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Tyler
After the lunch, Stephanie and Aaron went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Aaron
Afterwards, while spending time together Nicholas and Alexander went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Jessica and Nathan went to the office. Jessica gave a drink to Nathan
Then, Charles and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Afterwards Christine and Alexander went to the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Afterwards, Andrea and Joshua went to the store. Andrea gave a necklace to Joshua
Afterwards, Matthew and William went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to William
Then John and Anthony went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to John
Then Christopher and Timothy were thinking about going to the school, and Christopher wanted to give a bone to Timothy
Afterwards Adam and Cody went to the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Danielle and Steven were working at the store, and Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Jonathan
Then Jason and Alicia were thinking about going to the school, and Alicia wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Katherine and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Nicholas and Paul were thinking about going to the hospital. Paul wanted to give a computer to Nicholas
Then Anthony and Dustin had a lot of fun at the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards, while spending time together Melissa and Steven went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then, Ashley and Lauren were thinking about going to the store. Lauren wanted to give a computer to Ashley
Then Alicia and James went to the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then in the morning, Danielle and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Steven
Then Tyler and Paul were working at the house, and Paul decided to give a snack to Tyler
Then Andrew and Gregory were thinking about going to the house, and Andrew wanted to give a kiss to Gregory
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Kimberly and Melissa were thinking about going to the garden. Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Kimberly
After the lunch, Tyler and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then Jessica and Nathan were working at the school, and Jessica decided to give a ring to Nathan
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store. Tyler gave a computer to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Melissa and Steven were working at the hospital. Melissa decided to give a computer to Steven
While spending time together Cody and Kelly were commuting to the office, Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Friends separated at birth John and Elizabeth found a bone at the house. John gave it to Elizabeth
Then, Thomas and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Amber
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jose and Lisa went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Scott and Lindsey went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, Sara and Richard had a long argument and after that Sara said to Richard
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Sean
Then Tyler and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then, Alexander and Nicholas were thinking about going to the house. Nicholas wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Friends separated at birth Jennifer and Dustin found a computer at the garden. Jennifer gave it to Dustin
Then Angela and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Angela
Afterwards Gregory and David went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then Michael and Elizabeth went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Crystal and Vanessa were thinking about going to the house. Vanessa wanted to give a ring to Crystal
When soon afterwards Nicole and Paul got a computer at the hospital, Nicole decided to give it to Paul
Then, Shannon and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
While spending time together Christine and Brian were commuting to the store, Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Megan and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Megan
Then Jonathan and Jennifer were working at the hospital, and Jennifer decided to give a snack to Jonathan
Then, Amber and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Amber
After the lunch Jonathan and Robert went to the house, and Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Nicholas and Paul were working at the hospital, and Paul decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Alexander and Jason had a lot of fun at the station. Alexander gave a necklace to Jason
Then Samuel and Paul went to the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Eric and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Eric
Then, Christina and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Vanessa
Then Samantha and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Elizabeth
Then, Alexander and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Afterwards, while spending time together Jonathan and Steven went to the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then, Tiffany and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Tiffany
Afterwards, Jessica and James went to the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
When soon afterwards Joshua and Erica got a necklace at the station, Joshua decided to give it to Erica
Then, Joseph and Katie were thinking about going to the station. Katie wanted to give a kiss to Joseph
Then, Lindsey and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Shannon
After the lunch, Kenneth and Dustin went to the office. Kenneth gave a snack to Dustin
Then Jason and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Jason
Then, Eric and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
Afterwards Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Melissa and Steven were thinking about going to the hospital, and Melissa wanted to give a computer to Steven
When soon afterwards Michelle and Joshua got a ring at the office, Michelle decided to give it to Joshua
Then Ashley and Lauren were working at the store, and Lauren decided to give a computer to Ashley
After the lunch, Ashley and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Afterwards, Nicholas and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch, Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Afterwards, Angela and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a bone to Angela
Then in the morning, Anthony and Dustin had a lot of fun at the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Jesse and Lauren were thinking about going to the school. Lauren wanted to give a drink to Jesse
Then Jose and Patrick had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then, Courtney and John had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to John
Then, Emily and Cody were thinking about going to the station. Cody wanted to give a kiss to Emily
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then Angela and Bryan went to the house, and Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Christopher
Then, Ashley and Gregory were thinking about going to the hospital. Gregory wanted to give a snack to Ashley
Then, Vanessa and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Eric and Sean were thinking about going to the garden. Sean wanted to give a kiss to Eric
Then Andrea and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Alicia
Then Stephen and Stephanie were working at the house, and Stephanie decided to give a computer to Stephen
After the lunch John and Anthony went to the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to John
Friends separated at birth Lindsey and Scott found a snack at the office. Lindsey gave it to Scott
Then, Sean and Joseph were working at the school. Sean decided to give a bone to Joseph
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Jamie went to the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Scott were working at the office. Lindsey decided to give a snack to Scott
After the lunch, Steven and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
While spending time together Kevin and Sara were commuting to the station, Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then, Kimberly and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Kimberly
Then, Christina and Nicholas had a long argument and after that Nicholas said to Christina
Then Jonathan and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Afterwards Jason and James went to the restaurant, and James gave a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Brandon and Michael were working at the school. Brandon decided to give a drink to Michael
Then Dustin and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Courtney and David had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Courtney
Then Jamie and Mary were thinking about going to the garden, and Jamie wanted to give a ring to Mary
Then Jeremy and Jamie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jamie wanted to give a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch Elizabeth and Jesse went to the station, and Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Kimberly and Sarah had a lot of fun at the office. Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Afterwards Christina and Benjamin went to the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Afterwards, Paul and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, Sean and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Vanessa and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Jonathan and Aaron were thinking about going to the store, and Jonathan wanted to give a ring to Aaron
Then, Scott and Nicole went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Nicole
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Paul were working at the hospital. Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, while spending time together Vanessa and Crystal went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then, Joseph and Shannon were thinking about going to the store. Shannon wanted to give a drink to Joseph
Then Kenneth and Jamie went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then Lindsey and Justin had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then Nathan and William were working at the hospital, and Nathan decided to give a kiss to William
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer were working at the office. Jonathan decided to give a computer to Jennifer
Afterwards, Jonathan and Anthony went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a kiss to Anthony
Afterwards Jeremy and Daniel went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Stephanie and Melissa were working at the garden. Stephanie decided to give a ring to Melissa
Then, Christina and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Christina said to Vanessa
Then Matthew and Melissa were working at the office, and Matthew decided to give a snack to Melissa
Friends separated at birth Jose and Lisa found a ring at the hospital. Jose gave it to Lisa
Then Patrick and Amy had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Patrick
Then Kimberly and Brandon went to the station, and Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then, Amanda and Laura had a lot of fun at the house. Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Then Angela and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Angela
Then, Kyle and Laura had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Laura
The local big office Cody and Kelly went to had a snack. Cody gave it to Kelly
Then, Nathan and David were thinking about going to the restaurant. David wanted to give a ring to Nathan
Then Jesse and Lauren were thinking about going to the school, and Lauren wanted to give a drink to Jesse
Afterwards Sean and Eric went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then in the morning, Amy and Patrick were thinking about going to the hospital. Amy wanted to give a bone to Patrick
Then Jamie and Shannon were thinking about going to the house, and Shannon wanted to give a computer to Jamie
Then Sean and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Sean
Then, Jason and Eric were thinking about going to the house. Eric wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Crystal and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
While spending time together Thomas and Megan were commuting to the house, Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
After taking a long break Eric and Jason went to the house, Eric gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards, Angela and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Afterwards, while spending time together Charles and Sarah went to the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then Bryan and Jeffrey had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then, Robert and Adam were working at the store. Adam decided to give a ring to Robert
Then, Kevin and Amy went to the school. Kevin gave a basketball to Amy
Then, Lindsey and Katherine had a lot of fun at the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
The local big house Nicholas and Alexander went to had a kiss. Nicholas gave it to Alexander
Then, Eric and Christina had a lot of fun at the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
Then Brian and Christine were thinking about going to the store, and Christine wanted to give a bone to Brian
Then Jeffrey and Bryan had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then Katherine and Thomas went to the restaurant, and Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
Then, David and John were working at the station. David decided to give a snack to John
Then, Timothy and Patrick were thinking about going to the hospital. Patrick wanted to give a basketball to Timothy
Then in the morning afterwards, Paul and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Sean
Then, Courtney and John had a long argument and after that Courtney said to John
While spending time together Jennifer and Paul were commuting to the hospital, Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Brian and Charles were thinking about going to the school. Brian wanted to give a bone to Charles
The local big house Lauren and Brittany went to had a drink. Lauren gave it to Brittany
Then, Crystal and Katie had a lot of fun at the hospital. Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Afterwards Tiffany and Thomas went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Angela and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Angela
Then, Lindsey and Rebecca had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Rebecca
After the lunch, James and Heather went to the hospital. James gave a drink to Heather
Then in the morning, Kyle and Mary had a lot of fun at the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsey and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Justin
After the lunch Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Afterwards Emily and Cody went to the station, and Cody gave a kiss to Emily
Afterwards Charles and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Afterwards, Lindsey and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then, Charles and Nicole were thinking about going to the school. Nicole wanted to give a necklace to Charles
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth had a long argument and after that Elizabeth said to Jonathan
When soon afterwards David and Courtney got a snack at the hospital, David decided to give it to Courtney
After the lunch, Lauren and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Then Jose and Lisa had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Anthony and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Paul and Sean went to the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
After taking a long break Paul and Sean went to the office, Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then Paul and Jennifer were working at the hospital, and Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Nicole and Alicia were working at the station. Nicole decided to give a kiss to Alicia
Afterwards, Lauren and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a ring to Lauren
After taking a long break Megan and Tiffany went to the school, Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch, Benjamin and Robert went to the office. Benjamin gave a drink to Robert
Then Scott and Kenneth went to the school, and Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jennifer and Sean went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Joseph and Katie had a long argument and after that Katie said to Joseph
Then Nicholas and Matthew had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Nicholas
While spending time together Gregory and David were commuting to the restaurant, Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then, Lisa and Jose had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Sean and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Joseph
Then James and Alicia were working at the store, and Alicia decided to give a basketball to James
Then, Erin and Brittany were thinking about going to the school. Brittany wanted to give a ring to Erin
After the lunch, Benjamin and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Angela and John had a lot of fun at the garden. Angela gave a computer to John
Afterwards Brandon and Angela went to the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then Nicole and Paul went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Afterwards Timothy and Christopher went to the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then Rachel and Timothy had a lot of fun at the office, and Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the garden, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
While spending time together Tiffany and Benjamin were working at the hospital, Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Benjamin and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Patrick and Amy had a long argument and after that Amy said to Patrick
Afterwards, Matthew and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Then Vanessa and Tiffany were working at the station, and Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Heather and Ashley had a lot of fun at the store, and Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Then Cody and Adam were thinking about going to the office, and Adam wanted to give a kiss to Cody
Then Kimberly and Melissa went to the garden, and Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
When soon afterwards David and Courtney got a snack at the hospital, David decided to give the snack to Courtney
Afterwards, Kelly and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Afterwards Paul and Michelle went to the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Afterwards, while spending time together Sean and Eric went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
After taking a long break Thomas and Megan went to the house, Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Mary and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Mary
Then in the morning afterwards, Danielle and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Steven
Then William and Nathan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then Amanda and Laura had a long argument, and after that Laura said to Amanda
Then Nicole and Kenneth were working at the station, and Kenneth decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards, Ashley and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then Lindsey and Scott had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Scott
Then, Emily and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Emily
Then Rachel and Timothy had a long argument, and after that Timothy said to Rachel
Then, Elizabeth and Brian were working at the house. Elizabeth decided to give a necklace to Brian
Then, Paul and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Paul
Then, Brian and Sean were thinking about going to the house. Brian wanted to give a ring to Sean
After the lunch, Vanessa and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Afterwards, while spending time together Brandon and Angela went to the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Friends separated at birth Eric and Jason found a snack at the house. Eric gave it to Jason
When soon afterwards Christine and Brian got a bone at the store, Christine decided to give it to Brian
Then Joshua and Sean were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a drink to Sean
After the lunch in the afternoon, Gregory and David went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
When soon afterwards Amber and Rachel got a necklace at the garden, Amber decided to give the necklace to Rachel
Then in the morning, Michelle and Joshua went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Alicia and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Alicia
Afterwards, while spending time together Joshua and Sean went to the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then Kristen and Stephen had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Afterwards, Travis and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then Ashley and Thomas went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Afterwards, while spending time together Jose and Lisa went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Elizabeth
Afterwards William and Nathan went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then, Christina and Daniel were working at the house. Daniel decided to give a computer to Christina
Then, Ashley and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Ashley
Then Patrick and Jose were working at the garden, and Jose decided to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Vanessa and Andrea had a lot of fun at the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Paul and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kyle were thinking about going to the store. Jacob wanted to give a bone to Kyle
Then Kimberly and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Kimberly said to Adam
Afterwards, Rachel and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
After the lunch, Michael and John went to the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to John
Then, Alexander and Christine were thinking about going to the hospital. Christine wanted to give a snack to Alexander
Then, Jason and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Jason
Afterwards, Tyler and Christine went to the hospital. Tyler gave a basketball to Christine
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsey and Justin went to the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
After the lunch Jonathan and Steven went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Rachel and Timothy were thinking about going to the office, and Timothy wanted to give a computer to Rachel
Then Jennifer and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Paul
Then Joseph and Shannon had a lot of fun at the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Then Joseph and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Joseph
Then Matthew and Jesse had a lot of fun at the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Elizabeth and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Elizabeth
Then, Melissa and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Melissa
Then in the morning, Travis and Jamie had a lot of fun at the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards Alicia and James went to the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Crystal and Kyle had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Kyle
Then in the morning, Alicia and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Danielle
Then, Jessica and James went to the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
Then, Samantha and Jeremy were thinking about going to the school. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Afterwards Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Justin got a snack at the school, Lindsey decided to give the snack to Justin
Afterwards, Tyler and Ryan went to the office. Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then Jason and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Then, John and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the station. John wanted to give a computer to Jeffrey
Then Vanessa and Tiffany were thinking about going to the station, and Vanessa wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards, while spending time together Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Daniel and Jeremy were working at the house, and Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Daniel
Then Megan and Sara were thinking about going to the hospital, and Sara wanted to give a snack to Megan
Then, Kyle and Ryan had a long argument and after that Ryan said to Kyle
Afterwards, while spending time together Kimberly and Adam went to the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then Sean and Jennifer went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then Jose and Patrick went to the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
After the lunch, Crystal and Kyle went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a kiss to Kyle
Afterwards, James and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
Afterwards, Alicia and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning, Nathan and William were thinking about going to the hospital. Nathan wanted to give a kiss to William
Then, Cody and Scott were thinking about going to the station. Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then Joshua and Sean went to the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then, Jennifer and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Jennifer
After the lunch, Erica and Eric went to the school. Erica gave a computer to Eric
Then Courtney and Amber were working at the station, and Amber decided to give a snack to Courtney
After the lunch, Shannon and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Afterwards, Lindsay and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Afterwards Lindsey and Scott went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Afterwards, while spending time together Adam and Cody went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Jeremy and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
Afterwards Benjamin and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Anthony and Joshua had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Anthony
Then William and Nathan went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then in the morning, Brandon and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Michael
Then Sara and Kevin were thinking about going to the station, and Kevin wanted to give a bone to Sara
Then, Andrea and Joshua had a lot of fun at the store. Andrea gave a necklace to Joshua
Then Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Katherine
Then, Melissa and John had a lot of fun at the garden. John gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Brittany and Christopher had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Christopher
Then in the morning, Nathan and William were working at the hospital. Nathan decided to give a kiss to William
After the lunch Lauren and Ashley went to the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Afterwards Michelle and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha were thinking about going to the store. Samantha wanted to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Shannon and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Shannon
Then Angela and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Bryan said to Angela
Afterwards, while spending time together Joshua and Erica went to the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then Jonathan and Steven had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Steven
Then, Gregory and Nathan were working at the school. Nathan decided to give a basketball to Gregory
Then, Brandon and Jamie were working at the house. Brandon decided to give a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch, Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Nathan and Jessica had a lot of fun at the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
When soon afterwards Jeremy and Samuel got a basketball at the garden, Jeremy decided to give it to Samuel
Then, Charles and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then Jennifer and Crystal had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Brandon and Matthew were working at the station. Brandon decided to give a drink to Matthew
Then Heather and Ashley were working at the store, and Ashley decided to give a basketball to Heather
After taking a long break Kevin and Sara went to the station, Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Stephen and Stephanie had a long argument, and afterwards Stephanie said to Stephen
Then, Eric and Alexander were thinking about going to the hospital. Eric wanted to give a bone to Alexander
Then, Brandon and Matthew went to the station. Brandon gave a drink to Matthew
Afterwards, Melissa and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Travis and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Travis
Then Michael and Rachel had a lot of fun at the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Jason and Eric were working at the house, and Eric decided to give a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Paul and Justin went to the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then in the morning afterwards, Vanessa and Crystal had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Crystal
Then in the morning, Megan and Tiffany were thinking about going to the school. Megan wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Then in the morning afterwards, Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
The local big hospital Lindsay and Jeremy went to had a kiss. Lindsay gave it to Jeremy
The local big garden Sean and Eric went to had a kiss. Sean gave it to Eric
Then in the morning afterwards, Jeremy and Daniel had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Daniel
Then Steven and Jonathan were thinking about going to the garden, and Jonathan wanted to give a kiss to Steven
When soon afterwards Cody and Kelly got a snack at the office, Cody decided to give it to Kelly
Then, Lindsey and Shannon were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a basketball to Shannon
Then Alicia and James had a lot of fun at the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then Charles and Danielle had a lot of fun at the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Charles
After the lunch Crystal and Katie went to the hospital, and Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Then in the morning afterwards, Jessica and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
After the lunch, Christina and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a computer to Christina
Afterwards Amanda and Stephanie went to the school, and Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Paul got a kiss at the hospital, Jennifer decided to give the kiss to Paul
Friends separated at birth Vanessa and Justin found a necklace at the school. Vanessa gave it to Justin
Then, Alexander and Jason went to the station. Alexander gave a necklace to Jason
Then, Stephen and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Stephen
Then, Elizabeth and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Christopher and Brian went to the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
After the lunch, Ryan and Nicholas went to the hospital. Ryan gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then, Jason and James were working at the restaurant. James decided to give a snack to Jason
After the lunch Michelle and Paul went to the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
After the lunch Joseph and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Then Lauren and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Lauren
Then Bradley and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Bradley
Then in the morning, Joshua and Anthony went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Danielle and Steven had a lot of fun at the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, John and Bradley had a lot of fun at the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Christopher and Megan had a lot of fun at the school. Christopher gave a drink to Megan
Then Bradley and John had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to John
While spending time together Brian and Christopher were commuting to the station, Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Tiffany and Rebecca were working at the restaurant, and Tiffany decided to give a bone to Rebecca
While spending time together Matthew and Jesse were commuting to the house, Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then in the morning, Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then Alexander and Christine had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kristen and Stephen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Afterwards, Dustin and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then Amber and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Then Megan and Sara had a long argument, and after that Sara said to Megan
Then, Brittany and Lauren had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Brittany
Then in the morning, Robert and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Richard
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Christopher and Jennifer were working at the garden. Christopher decided to give a snack to Jennifer
Then, Elizabeth and William were working at the garden. William decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Vanessa and Crystal found a ring at the house. Vanessa gave it to Crystal
Afterwards, Jamie and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then, Kenneth and Jason had a lot of fun at the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Afterwards Kimberly and Sarah went to the office, and Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Shannon and Patrick were working at the school, and Patrick decided to give a necklace to Shannon
Then, Matthew and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Matthew
Then, Melissa and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Jamie and Tyler were thinking about going to the station. Jamie wanted to give a bone to Tyler
Afterwards Shannon and Patrick went to the school, and Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
After the lunch Jesse and Allison went to the office, and Allison gave a drink to Jesse
Then Kenneth and Jason went to the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Afterwards Joshua and Dustin went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Brittany and Christopher were working at the office. Brittany decided to give a ring to Christopher
Then Lindsay and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Jeremy
Afterwards Daniel and Jeremy went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Timothy and Bradley were thinking about going to the school. Timothy wanted to give a snack to Bradley
Then, Kimberly and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
After the lunch, Lindsey and Rebecca went to the house. Lindsey gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jeremy and Daniel went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Cody and Adam had a long argument and after that Adam said to Cody
Then Michelle and Joshua had a lot of fun at the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Eric and Brian had a long argument and after that Eric said to Brian
Then Michelle and Joshua were thinking about going to the office, and Michelle wanted to give a ring to Joshua
After the lunch in the afternoon, Christopher and Timothy went to the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then, Jason and Erin were working at the garden. Jason decided to give a snack to Erin
Then Timothy and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Jonathan and Robert were working at the house. Robert decided to give a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Lindsey and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Lindsey
Then Cody and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
After taking a long break Samuel and Tiffany went to the store, Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Tyler and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Michael and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Elizabeth
While spending time together Samuel and Paul were commuting to the store, Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Heather and Jamie were thinking about going to the hospital. Heather wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards Sara and Kevin went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Crystal
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Stephen and Samantha were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards Stephen and Stephanie went to the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Kimberly and Brandon had a lot of fun at the station. Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Timothy and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
Afterwards Lisa and Jose went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Paul and Tyler were working at the house, and Paul decided to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Tyler and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then Amber and Jeremy were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jeremy wanted to give a snack to Amber
Then in the morning, Megan and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards Jennifer and Tyler went to the office, and Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
Then Rachel and Amber were thinking about going to the garden, and Amber wanted to give a necklace to Rachel
Then Michael and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Elizabeth
After the lunch Melissa and Amy went to the office, and Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then in the morning afterwards, Jamie and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Mary
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay were thinking about going to the hospital. Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Jeremy
Afterwards, Alexander and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Afterwards, Brandon and Jamie went to the house. Brandon gave a basketball to Jamie
While spending time together Megan and Tiffany were working at the school, Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Amanda and Ryan were working at the house. Amanda decided to give a kiss to Ryan
Then Jason and Alicia had a lot of fun at the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then Kimberly and Adam had a long argument, and after that Kimberly said to Adam
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Nicole went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Megan and Joshua went to the station. Megan gave a ring to Joshua
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Jeremy were working at the hospital. Lindsay decided to give a kiss to Jeremy
After taking a long break Anthony and Dustin went to the house, Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrea and Vanessa went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Travis and Jonathan were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jonathan wanted to give a necklace to Travis
When soon afterwards Christina and Benjamin got a snack at the house, Christina decided to give it to Benjamin
While spending time together Paul and Michelle were commuting to the office, Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Sean and Joshua were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a drink to Sean
Afterwards, Andrea and Scott went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to Scott
Then, Paul and Charles went to the office. Paul gave a bone to Charles
Then, Lauren and Amanda were working at the hospital. Amanda decided to give a snack to Lauren
Then, Jesse and Lauren had a lot of fun at the school. Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Paul and Justin went to the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Matthew and Joshua went to the store. Matthew gave a bone to Joshua
Then Patrick and Amy went to the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Emily and Jesse went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Jennifer and Paul were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jennifer wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Lisa and Jose had a long argument and after that Jose said to Lisa
The local big school Brandon and Michael went to had a drink. Brandon gave it to Michael
Then Jennifer and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Sean
Then Danielle and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then Sean and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Sean
Then Patrick and Jose had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then Robert and Richard went to the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, John and Allison were thinking about going to the restaurant. Allison wanted to give a computer to John
Then, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Christopher
After the lunch, Patrick and Amy went to the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Paul
Then Cody and Scott were thinking about going to the station, and Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
After the lunch Matthew and Jesse went to the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, James and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to James
Afterwards, while spending time together Gregory and David went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then, Tyler and Christine were thinking about going to the hospital. Tyler wanted to give a basketball to Christine
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kyle went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Tiffany and Nicole were thinking about going to the house. Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
Then, Cody and Adam were thinking about going to the office. Adam wanted to give a kiss to Cody
Afterwards, Bradley and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Afterwards Paul and Nicole went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
After the lunch in the afternoon, Matthew and Melissa went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Paul and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Paul
Then in the morning, James and Jessica went to the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
After the lunch, Angela and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Afterwards Lindsay and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then Tiffany and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Rebecca
Then, Ryan and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Steven went to the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then, Sean and Joseph had a long argument and after that Sean said to Joseph
Then, Jessica and John had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to John
Then, Amy and Emily had a long argument and after that Emily said to Amy
Then, Stephen and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then, Courtney and John were thinking about going to the station. Courtney wanted to give a kiss to John
After the lunch Kristen and Stephen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then John and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
While spending time together Scott and Cody were working at the station, Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then, Elizabeth and Brian were thinking about going to the house. Elizabeth wanted to give a necklace to Brian
Then Jennifer and Tyler were working at the office, and Tyler decided to give a ring to Jennifer
Then, Courtney and John went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to John
Then in the morning, Lauren and Ashley were thinking about going to the store. Lauren wanted to give a computer to Ashley
The local big school Lindsey and Justin went to had a snack. Lindsey gave it to Justin
Then, Jonathan and Anthony went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a kiss to Anthony
Then Justin and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then Gregory and Andrew had a lot of fun at the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Courtney and Sean had a lot of fun at the office, and Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Then Jason and Amanda had a lot of fun at the store, and Amanda gave a snack to Jason
After the lunch David and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then, Elizabeth and Michael were working at the station. Michael decided to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Jason and Eric had a lot of fun at the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Steven and Danielle had a lot of fun at the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Afterwards, Adam and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then, Kyle and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Matthew and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then Michelle and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Michelle
Then, Sean and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
Afterwards Rachel and Timothy went to the office, and Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
Then Mary and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Mary
After the lunch Lauren and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Afterwards Elizabeth and Jesse went to the station, and Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Nicole and Amanda were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, while spending time together Paul and Justin went to the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then, Erin and Charles went to the school. Erin gave a bone to Charles
After the lunch, Anthony and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then Thomas and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Megan
Then, Jonathan and Robert had a lot of fun at the house. Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then Samuel and Tiffany went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Rachel and Amber had a lot of fun at the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Sean and Angela were working at the office. Angela decided to give a ring to Sean
Then in the morning, James and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jessica
Afterwards Thomas and Kelly went to the station, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Melissa and Amy had a lot of fun at the office, and Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then, Christopher and Jennifer were thinking about going to the hospital. Jennifer wanted to give a bone to Christopher
Afterwards, Lindsey and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a long argument and after that Katherine said to Thomas
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the garden. Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
After the lunch Bradley and John went to the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Tyler were thinking about going to the store. Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Tyler
Then Benjamin and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Benjamin
Then Paul and Jamie were thinking about going to the school, and Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards Andrew and Gregory went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Mary and Kyle were thinking about going to the station. Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Mary
When soon afterwards Andrea and Alicia got a snack at the restaurant, Andrea decided to give the snack to Alicia
Then Jesse and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Jesse
Then, Robert and Adam had a lot of fun at the store. Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then, Alicia and Nicole were thinking about going to the restaurant. Alicia wanted to give a bone to Nicole
Then, Alexander and Jamie were working at the school. Alexander decided to give a bone to Jamie
Then Courtney and Amber were thinking about going to the station, and Amber wanted to give a snack to Courtney
While spending time together Jessica and Nathan were commuting to the school, Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then in the morning, Nicole and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Paul
Then Samuel and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then Elizabeth and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Elizabeth
Then David and Gregory were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Gregory wanted to give a necklace to David
When soon afterwards Christine and Alexander got a snack at the hospital, Christine decided to give the snack to Alexander
Friends separated at birth Tiffany and Rebecca found a bone at the restaurant. Tiffany gave it to Rebecca
Then Jamie and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Jamie
Then, Alicia and Andrea were thinking about going to the restaurant. Andrea wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then Amy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Jesse and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, Jeremy and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Jeremy
Then Christina and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Daniel said to Christina
Then Michael and Rachel were thinking about going to the garden, and Rachel wanted to give a snack to Michael
Afterwards Vanessa and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Michelle went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Michelle and Stephanie went to the hospital, and Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
Then, Sara and Richard were thinking about going to the restaurant. Sara wanted to give a necklace to Richard
Then Steven and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Steven
Then, Kevin and Amy were working at the school. Kevin decided to give a basketball to Amy
Afterwards Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Gregory and Erin were working at the house. Gregory decided to give a bone to Erin
Afterwards, Jeremy and Michael went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to Michael
Then Crystal and Katie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then Crystal and Katie went to the hospital, and Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Then in the morning, Christine and Alexander were working at the hospital. Christine decided to give a snack to Alexander
Then, Richard and Robert were thinking about going to the office. Robert wanted to give a kiss to Richard
Then, Travis and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Travis
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Justin went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then in the morning afterwards, Thomas and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Megan
After the lunch Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then in the morning, Andrea and Vanessa were thinking about going to the school. Andrea wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Jonathan and Robert were working at the house, and Robert decided to give a necklace to Jonathan
After the lunch, Heather and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Jesse and Matthew had a long argument and after that Matthew said to Jesse
Then, Michelle and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Michelle
Afterwards Jesse and Matthew went to the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, Kenneth and Dustin had a lot of fun at the office. Kenneth gave a snack to Dustin
Then Sean and Eric were working at the garden, and Sean decided to give a kiss to Eric
Then, Jessica and Kyle had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Kyle
Afterwards, while spending time together Megan and Tiffany went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Bradley and Alicia were thinking about going to the store, and Alicia wanted to give a kiss to Bradley
Then, Sean and Paul were working at the office. Paul decided to give a snack to Sean
Then, Kimberly and Cody went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Ryan and Samantha were thinking about going to the station. Samantha wanted to give a ring to Ryan
Then in the morning, Matthew and Melissa had a lot of fun at the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Afterwards Lindsey and Thomas went to the garden, and Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Justin and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Justin
Then, Alexander and Christine had a lot of fun at the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Cody and Adam went to the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Lauren and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amber and Rachel went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Erin and Joseph went to the office. Erin gave a drink to Joseph
When soon afterwards Megan and Tiffany got a necklace at the school, Megan decided to give it to Tiffany
After taking a long break Vanessa and Crystal went to the house, Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Jessica and James had a lot of fun at the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
Then Jamie and Mary went to the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Then, Angela and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Angela
When soon afterwards Jeremy and Daniel got a kiss at the house, Jeremy decided to give it to Daniel
When soon afterwards Samuel and Paul got a kiss at the store, Samuel decided to give the kiss to Paul
Then Samuel and Paul had a lot of fun at the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then Alicia and James had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to James
The local big garden Jose and Patrick went to had a drink. Jose gave it to Patrick
Then Amanda and Shannon were working at the store, and Shannon decided to give a drink to Amanda
Then Kyle and Jacob had a long argument, and after that Jacob said to Kyle
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Jessica and Kyle had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jessica gave a snack to Kyle
Then Nicole and Katie had a lot of fun at the station, and Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Then Brittany and Lauren had a lot of fun at the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Lindsey and Rebecca had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Rebecca
Then, Vanessa and Ashley were working at the school. Ashley decided to give a computer to Vanessa
Then Vanessa and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Crystal
Then, Lindsey and Katherine were working at the store. Katherine decided to give a necklace to Lindsey
After the lunch, Adam and Richard went to the station. Richard gave a snack to Adam
Then in the morning, Bradley and John went to the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
After the lunch Brittany and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Heather and Joshua were working at the house, and Joshua decided to give a basketball to Heather
Then in the morning, Cody and Kelly were thinking about going to the office. Cody wanted to give a snack to Kelly
Afterwards Courtney and David went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Crystal and Vanessa went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Nicholas and Christina had a lot of fun at the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Afterwards, Benjamin and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Megan and Tiffany were working at the school, and Megan decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Samuel and Tiffany were working at the store. Samuel decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
After the lunch Nathan and David went to the restaurant, and David gave a ring to Nathan
Then Stephen and Samantha were working at the hospital, and Stephen decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Vanessa and Andrea went to the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Jason and James went to the restaurant, and James gave a snack to Jason
Then, Ryan and Nicholas went to the hospital. Ryan gave a basketball to Nicholas
The local big house Amanda and Ryan went to had a kiss. Amanda gave it to Ryan
Then Christine and Brian were thinking about going to the store, and Christine wanted to give a bone to Brian
Then, Andrea and Joshua had a long argument and after that Andrea said to Joshua
After the lunch Alicia and Andrea went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
After the lunch Eric and Sean went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Amanda and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Amanda
After the lunch Cody and Aaron went to the garden, and Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then Andrew and William were working at the garden, and William decided to give a snack to Andrew
Then Sean and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
After the lunch Jamie and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
After the lunch, Erin and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Lindsey and Justin were working at the school, and Lindsey decided to give a snack to Justin
Then, Eric and Alexander had a long argument and after that Eric said to Alexander
Then Amy and Emily were thinking about going to the station, and Emily wanted to give a bone to Amy
Afterwards, Jamie and Sara went to the school. Jamie gave a basketball to Sara
Afterwards, Sara and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
After the lunch, Brian and Charles went to the school. Brian gave a bone to Charles
Friends separated at birth Kyle and Mary found a basketball at the station. Kyle gave it to Mary
Afterwards, while spending time together Bradley and John went to the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
When soon afterwards Robert and Richard got a kiss at the office, Robert decided to give the kiss to Richard
Then Richard and Robert had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Richard
Then, Benjamin and Christina had a lot of fun at the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Nathan and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then Lauren and Amanda were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amanda wanted to give a snack to Lauren
Then Alexander and Nicholas were working at the house, and Nicholas decided to give a kiss to Alexander
After the lunch Joseph and Katie went to the station, and Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Afterwards, Eric and Emily went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Emily
Then Nathan and David went to the restaurant, and David gave a ring to Nathan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amanda and Nicole went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Dustin got a computer at the garden, Jennifer decided to give the computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Thomas and Megan were thinking about going to the house. Thomas wanted to give a basketball to Megan
After the lunch Erin and Brittany went to the school, and Brittany gave a ring to Erin
While spending time together Christopher and Jennifer were commuting to the garden, Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Eric and Jason went to the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
When soon afterwards Alicia and Danielle got a computer at the restaurant, Alicia decided to give it to Danielle
Then in the morning, Scott and Cody went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Jesse and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Jesse
Then, Sean and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Sean
After the lunch in the afternoon, Michael and Elizabeth went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, William and Nathan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
After the lunch William and Nathan went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
While spending time together Michelle and Joshua were commuting to the office, Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then Brandon and Michael had a lot of fun at the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Sean and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Bradley and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store. Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then Paul and Nicole had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Afterwards Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Justin and Vanessa were working at the school. Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Justin
Then Tiffany and Benjamin were working at the hospital, and Tiffany decided to give a snack to Benjamin
Then Angela and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Bryan said to Angela
Afterwards, while spending time together Amanda and Ryan went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Jacob and Paul were thinking about going to the office. Jacob wanted to give a necklace to Paul
Then in the morning, Melissa and Steven had a lot of fun at the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Afterwards Scott and Travis went to the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Richard and Robert had a lot of fun at the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Megan and Sara were working at the hospital. Sara decided to give a snack to Megan
Then Justin and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Justin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Thomas and Kelly had a long argument and after that Kelly said to Thomas
Then, Stephanie and Aaron were thinking about going to the garden. Stephanie wanted to give a ring to Aaron
Then, Christina and Elizabeth had a long argument and after that Christina said to Elizabeth
When soon afterwards Kenneth and Tiffany got a necklace at the office, Kenneth decided to give the necklace to Tiffany
Then Adam and Richard had a lot of fun at the station, and Richard gave a snack to Adam
When soon afterwards William and Andrew got a snack at the garden, William decided to give the snack to Andrew
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then Christopher and Jennifer were thinking about going to the garden, and Christopher wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
The local big hospital Jose and Lisa went to had a ring. Jose gave it to Lisa
Then Samantha and Stephen had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
After the lunch Andrew and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Then, Justin and Paul had a lot of fun at the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then Erica and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Erica
Afterwards, while spending time together Michelle and Joshua went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Paul and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Paul
Then Amanda and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the school, and Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Afterwards, while spending time together Christopher and Timothy went to the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then in the morning, Thomas and Angela were working at the station. Thomas decided to give a snack to Angela
When soon afterwards John and Elizabeth got a bone at the house, John decided to give the bone to Elizabeth
Then, Joseph and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then John and Elizabeth were working at the house, and John decided to give a bone to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Sean and Jennifer went to the station. Sean gave a computer to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Amber and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Amber
Afterwards Amy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
After the lunch Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Justin and Paul were working at the house, and Paul decided to give a bone to Justin
Then John and Anthony were thinking about going to the hospital, and Anthony wanted to give a drink to John
Then, Eric and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Stephanie
Afterwards Emily and Michael went to the hospital, and Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Melissa and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to Melissa
Then Lindsey and Scott went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Afterwards, Angela and John went to the garden. Angela gave a computer to John
Then, Kimberly and Brandon were thinking about going to the station. Brandon wanted to give a necklace to Kimberly
Then Tiffany and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Christopher and Jennifer got a snack at the garden, Christopher decided to give it to Jennifer
After taking a long break Kyle and Mary went to the station, Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Travis and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Travis gave a bone to Tiffany
Afterwards, Stephen and Amy went to the office. Stephen gave a ring to Amy
The local big office Robert and Richard went to had a kiss. Robert gave it to Richard
Friends separated at birth Jeremy and Daniel found a kiss at the house. Jeremy gave it to Daniel
Then Angela and Brandon had a lot of fun at the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
When soon afterwards Jessica and Nathan got a ring at the school, Jessica decided to give it to Nathan
Then Jesse and Matthew had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Jesse
Then, Travis and Tiffany were working at the restaurant. Travis decided to give a bone to Tiffany
Then, Charles and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Danielle said to Charles
Then in the morning, Travis and Jamie were working at the school. Travis decided to give a bone to Jamie
Afterwards, John and Jeffrey went to the station. John gave a computer to Jeffrey
When soon afterwards Thomas and Megan got a basketball at the house, Thomas decided to give the basketball to Megan
Then, Scott and Thomas were thinking about going to the school. Thomas wanted to give a basketball to Scott
Afterwards, while spending time together John and Elizabeth went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
After taking a long break Charles and Sarah went to the garden, Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then Melissa and Amy went to the office, and Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then Thomas and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Paul and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Charles
Then Amanda and Stephanie were thinking about going to the school, and Stephanie wanted to give a drink to Amanda
After the lunch, Robert and Sarah went to the garden. Robert gave a ring to Sarah
Then Benjamin and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Benjamin
Afterwards Alicia and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Friends separated at birth Joshua and Anthony found a computer at the station. Joshua gave it to Anthony
After the lunch in the afternoon, Robert and Richard went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Afterwards, Angela and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then, Joseph and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Joseph
Then Justin and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then, Lindsey and Anthony were thinking about going to the hospital. Lindsey wanted to give a bone to Anthony
Afterwards, while spending time together Lauren and Brittany went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
After the lunch Alicia and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Heather and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Heather
Then, Gregory and Erin had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Erin
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the garden, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Robert and Richard were thinking about going to the office. Robert wanted to give a kiss to Richard
Then Jesse and Emily went to the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Cody and Scott had a long argument, and afterwards Scott said to Cody
Then, Richard and Robert had a lot of fun at the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Katherine and Thomas were working at the restaurant. Thomas decided to give a computer to Katherine
Afterwards Paul and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
When soon afterwards Elizabeth and Tyler got a kiss at the store, Elizabeth decided to give it to Tyler
Then Jesse and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Courtney and David went to the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Lindsey and Shannon had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Shannon
After the lunch Lindsay and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
After the lunch Jesse and Matthew went to the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Jose and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Patrick
Afterwards, Michael and John went to the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to John
Then Jamie and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Jason and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then, Stephen and Amy were working at the office. Stephen decided to give a ring to Amy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jonathan and Steven went to the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Vanessa and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Kyle said to Vanessa
Then Tyler and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store, and Elizabeth wanted to give a kiss to Tyler
Afterwards Sara and Eric went to the office, and Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Jesse and Matthew were thinking about going to the house. Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jesse
Then Elizabeth and William had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Elizabeth
Then, Jessica and Nathan were working at the office. Jessica decided to give a drink to Nathan
Then Kimberly and Sarah went to the office, and Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Christina and Benjamin were thinking about going to the house, and Christina wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
After the lunch, Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
Then Thomas and Angela had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Angela
Then, Alexander and Christine went to the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Jesse and Allison were thinking about going to the office, and Allison wanted to give a drink to Jesse
After the lunch, Gregory and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then Megan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
When soon afterwards Bradley and John got a computer at the house, Bradley decided to give the computer to John
Then, Scott and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Scott
Then Shannon and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Afterwards, Courtney and David went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Nicole and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
While spending time together Jose and Lisa were working at the hospital, Jose gave a ring to Lisa
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
After the lunch Alicia and James went to the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
After the lunch William and Andrew went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Then in the morning, Amber and Rachel had a lot of fun at the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Christopher and Jennifer were working at the hospital, and Jennifer decided to give a bone to Christopher
Afterwards Amanda and Nicole went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Alicia and Brian were working at the school. Alicia decided to give a bone to Brian
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicholas and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Nicholas said to Christina
The local big store Samuel and Paul went to had a kiss. Samuel gave it to Paul
Afterwards Nicole and Katie went to the station, and Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Then, Shannon and Joseph were working at the restaurant. Shannon decided to give a computer to Joseph
Then, Crystal and Kyle had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Crystal gave a kiss to Kyle
Then Cody and Aaron were working at the garden, and Aaron decided to give a drink to Cody
Then Paul and Jamie were working at the school, and Paul decided to give a basketball to Jamie
Then Jose and Patrick were working at the garden, and Jose decided to give a drink to Patrick
Then, Emily and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Afterwards, John and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Charles and Nicole had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Charles
Afterwards, Joseph and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Megan and Sara had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Sara gave a snack to Megan
Then, Nicole and Amanda were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a ring to Nicole
Then in the morning, Andrea and Alicia were thinking about going to the restaurant. Andrea wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Afterwards Eric and Jason went to the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Jamie and Shannon were thinking about going to the house. Shannon wanted to give a computer to Jamie
After the lunch Nicholas and Christina went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Brian and Charles went to the school. Brian gave a bone to Charles
Then in the morning, Joshua and Erica were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then Kelly and Cody had a long argument, and after that Cody said to Kelly
Afterwards, while spending time together Matthew and Jesse went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Joshua and Sean were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
The local big office Kenneth and Tiffany went to had a necklace. Kenneth gave it to Tiffany
While spending time together Samantha and Ryan were commuting to the station, Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then Jose and Patrick had a long argument, and after that Jose said to Patrick
Then Tiffany and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Tiffany
Then, Alicia and Patrick were working at the garden. Alicia decided to give a drink to Patrick
After the lunch, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Jonathan and Aaron had a lot of fun at the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
The local big school Vanessa and Justin went to had a necklace. Vanessa gave it to Justin
Afterwards, while spending time together Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Anthony and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then in the morning, Jason and Kenneth were thinking about going to the house. Jason wanted to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Lauren and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Lauren
Then in the morning, Shannon and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
Then, Courtney and David had a long argument and after that David said to Courtney
The local big store Alicia and James went to had a basketball. Alicia gave it to James
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephen were thinking about going to the garden. Kristen wanted to give a necklace to Stephen
Then Joseph and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Then, Brian and Sean had a long argument and after that Brian said to Sean
Then in the morning, Christina and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
The local big store James and Jessica went to had a computer. James gave it to Jessica
Then Alexander and Christine were working at the hospital, and Christine decided to give a snack to Alexander
After the lunch, Kyle and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Samantha and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards, Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, Eric and Emily were thinking about going to the store. Eric wanted to give a necklace to Emily
After the lunch, Cody and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Aaron and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Aaron
Then Emily and Aaron were working at the house, and Aaron decided to give a bone to Emily
Afterwards Nicholas and Christina went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Elizabeth and Michael had a long argument, and after that Michael said to Elizabeth
Then, James and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then Amanda and Nicole were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a ring to Nicole
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Paul and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Paul
Then, Stephen and Stephanie had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Stephen
Then, Thomas and Ashley had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Thomas
Then Dustin and Jennifer were thinking about going to the garden, and Jennifer wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Sara and Daniel had a long argument and after that Sara said to Daniel
After the lunch in the afternoon, Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Kimberly and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Kimberly
Then, Timothy and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then Brittany and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then Thomas and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Thomas
Then Paul and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Paul
Then, Erica and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
When soon afterwards Joshua and Anthony got a computer at the station, Joshua decided to give the computer to Anthony
While spending time together Christine and Alexander were working at the hospital, Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Afterwards, Joseph and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Then in the morning afterwards, Amber and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Rachel
Afterwards Thomas and Megan went to the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
After the lunch, Shannon and Joseph went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a computer to Joseph
Afterwards, Sean and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then Elizabeth and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Jesse said to Elizabeth
Then Jonathan and Robert had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Jonathan
Then, Steven and Jonathan had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Steven
Then Amy and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then, Amber and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
After the lunch, Angela and Jeremy went to the station. Angela gave a computer to Jeremy
Then, Scott and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Scott
Then Gregory and David were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Gregory wanted to give a necklace to David
After the lunch, Charles and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Afterwards, while spending time together Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
While spending time together Charles and Sarah were working at the garden, Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then Stephen and Paul were thinking about going to the school, and Stephen wanted to give a drink to Paul
After the lunch Jason and Eric went to the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Kimberly and Tyler had a lot of fun at the school. Kimberly gave a ring to Tyler
Then Paul and Justin went to the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then in the morning, Robert and Richard had a lot of fun at the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Friends separated at birth Nicholas and Christina found a basketball at the station. Nicholas gave it to Christina
Then in the morning, Samuel and Tiffany went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then in the morning afterwards, Jennifer and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Sean
Then, Amber and Stephen were working at the hospital. Stephen decided to give a basketball to Amber
Afterwards Matthew and Tiffany went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Afterwards Jonathan and Aaron went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then in the morning, Bradley and John had a lot of fun at the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
When soon afterwards Samuel and Tiffany got a basketball at the store, Samuel decided to give it to Tiffany
Then Brittany and Lauren were working at the house, and Lauren decided to give a drink to Brittany
Then David and Gregory had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
After the lunch, Justin and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then Jeremy and Lindsay went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Joseph and Shannon were working at the store, and Shannon decided to give a drink to Joseph
Then Paul and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Tyler
Then Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Charles and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Charles
After the lunch, Kevin and John went to the school. Kevin gave a bone to John
Then Lindsay and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Lindsay
The local big school Jeffrey and Bryan went to had a kiss. Jeffrey gave it to Bryan
Then Jacob and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Kyle
Then Sean and Angela went to the office, and Angela gave a ring to Sean
While spending time together Lauren and Brittany were working at the house, Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Aaron and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
While spending time together Eric and Jason were working at the house, Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Charles and Danielle were thinking about going to the store. Danielle wanted to give a ring to Charles
When soon afterwards Jonathan and Aaron got a ring at the store, Jonathan decided to give it to Aaron
Then Shannon and Amanda went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Andrew and William had a lot of fun at the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
Then Paul and Samuel had a lot of fun at the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then in the morning afterwards, Samuel and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Paul
Then, Justin and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Justin
Then Kimberly and Adam went to the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Friends separated at birth Paul and Jamie found a basketball at the school. Paul gave it to Jamie
Friends separated at birth Kristen and Stephen found a necklace at the garden. Kristen gave it to Stephen
After the lunch, John and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a computer to John
While spending time together Matthew and Melissa were working at the office, Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then, Angela and Adam had a long argument and after that Adam said to Angela
After the lunch, Jennifer and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Steven had a lot of fun at the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Elizabeth and Jesse were thinking about going to the station, and Jesse wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then Kenneth and Nicole went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Travis and Jamie were working at the school, and Travis decided to give a bone to Jamie
Then Melissa and Lindsey were thinking about going to the store, and Lindsey wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
After the lunch, Gregory and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
Then Christine and Brian went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
After the lunch Ryan and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
When soon afterwards Gregory and David got a necklace at the restaurant, Gregory decided to give it to David
Then Jennifer and Sean had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Sean
Then, Stephanie and Nicole were thinking about going to the store. Stephanie wanted to give a necklace to Nicole
Then, Jason and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then Stephen and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden, and Kristen wanted to give a necklace to Stephen
Then Jennifer and Crystal were thinking about going to the hospital, and Crystal wanted to give a basketball to Jennifer
Then, Lindsey and Anthony went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a bone to Anthony
After the lunch Sean and Eric went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
After the lunch Nicholas and Matthew went to the station, and Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Danielle and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Danielle
Then, Nicholas and Matthew were thinking about going to the station. Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then, Gregory and Erin were thinking about going to the house. Gregory wanted to give a bone to Erin
Then, Alicia and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store. Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then Cody and Scott had a lot of fun at the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
After the lunch, Jamie and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then Jamie and Travis were working at the school, and Travis decided to give a bone to Jamie
While spending time together Scott and Cody were commuting to the station, Scott gave a bone to Cody
While spending time together Jennifer and Dustin were commuting to the garden, Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Nicole and Katie were thinking about going to the station. Katie wanted to give a computer to Nicole
The local big store Jonathan and Aaron went to had a ring. Jonathan gave it to Aaron
Then, Anthony and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Anthony
After the lunch Timothy and Christopher went to the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
The local big station Brian and Christopher went to had a necklace. Brian gave it to Christopher
Then in the morning, Samantha and Ryan had a lot of fun at the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then Amber and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Rachel
Then Jonathan and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Aaron
Then Megan and Thomas went to the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Afterwards Thomas and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Tiffany and Megan went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards Vanessa and Crystal went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Paul and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Brandon and Jamie went to the house. Brandon gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Joshua and Anthony were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
While spending time together Samantha and Ryan were working at the station, Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then, Jacob and Thomas went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to Thomas
Then, Eric and Emily were thinking about going to the office. Eric wanted to give a snack to Emily
After the lunch, Gregory and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Gregory and Tyler were thinking about going to the restaurant. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Gregory
Then Emily and Jesse had a lot of fun at the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then in the morning, Joshua and Dustin went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then Nicole and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
After the lunch, Thomas and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then in the morning afterwards, David and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Courtney
Then, Alicia and Patrick were thinking about going to the garden. Alicia wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Friends separated at birth Jessica and Nathan found a ring at the school. Jessica gave it to Nathan
After the lunch Michael and Rachel went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then, Travis and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Kyle and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then Christina and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Daniel were working at the house. Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards William and Andrew went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Afterwards, Nicole and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Ryan and Samantha were thinking about going to the station, and Samantha wanted to give a ring to Ryan
Afterwards Courtney and Sean went to the office, and Sean gave a snack to Courtney
After the lunch, Alicia and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning, Nathan and William had a lot of fun at the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then Nicole and Katie were working at the station, and Katie decided to give a computer to Nicole
Then Gregory and Andrew went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Christina and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Nicholas said to Christina
After the lunch, Nicole and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Afterwards, Steven and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then in the morning afterwards, Anthony and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Then Lindsey and Thomas went to the garden, and Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then, Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital. Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then Jennifer and Jonathan were working at the hospital, and Jennifer decided to give a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Matthew and Jesse were thinking about going to the house. Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jesse
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Jeremy got a kiss at the hospital, Lindsay decided to give the kiss to Jeremy
Then Eric and Sean went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Samantha and Jeremy went to the school, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Melissa and John went to the garden, and John gave a drink to Melissa
Then Amanda and Stephanie went to the school, and Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
While spending time together Ashley and Thomas were working at the school, Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then in the morning, Jose and Lisa went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Benjamin and Paul had a lot of fun at the station, and Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Ashley and Gregory were working at the hospital. Gregory decided to give a snack to Ashley
Then, Eric and Alexander went to the hospital. Eric gave a bone to Alexander
While spending time together Amanda and Nicole were working at the house, Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, while spending time together Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards, Sara and Eric went to the office. Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Courtney and John had a lot of fun at the station. Courtney gave a kiss to John
Then Thomas and Megan went to the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then Gregory and Nathan went to the school, and Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then Patrick and Jose had a long argument, and after that Jose said to Patrick
Then Justin and Lindsey had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Justin
Then Megan and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Megan said to Tiffany
Then, Kelly and Cody had a long argument and after that Cody said to Kelly
Then Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Robert and Sarah were working at the garden. Robert decided to give a ring to Sarah
Then Jeremy and Daniel had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Daniel
After the lunch, Sean and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Jennifer and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Anthony
Then, Angela and John had a long argument and after that Angela said to John
Then, Stephen and Stephanie were working at the house. Stephanie decided to give a computer to Stephen
Then Lindsay and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then John and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Elizabeth
Afterwards Anthony and Richard went to the school, and Richard gave a ring to Anthony
After taking a long break Vanessa and Justin went to the school, Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then Anthony and Richard went to the school, and Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then William and Andrew had a long argument, and after that William said to Andrew
Afterwards, Cody and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
Afterwards Amanda and Ryan went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Nicole and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Nicole
Then Paul and Nicole were thinking about going to the hospital, and Nicole wanted to give a computer to Paul
After the lunch, Jason and James went to the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then, Brandon and Jamie had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Jamie
While spending time together Jonathan and Steven were working at the garden, Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Samuel and Jeremy were thinking about going to the garden, and Jeremy wanted to give a basketball to Samuel
Then Nicholas and Matthew had a lot of fun at the station, and Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Christina and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Christina
Then Sara and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Sara
Then, Kimberly and Tyler were working at the school. Kimberly decided to give a ring to Tyler
Then, Kenneth and Jason had a long argument and after that Jason said to Kenneth
Then, Stephen and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden. Kristen wanted to give a necklace to Stephen
Then Paul and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Paul
Then Nicholas and Christina went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
When soon afterwards Joshua and Sean got a drink at the station, Joshua decided to give it to Sean
Then, Matthew and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Joshua
Then, Vanessa and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Vanessa
Afterwards Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the garden, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
After taking a long break Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant, Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Nicole and Alicia had a lot of fun at the station. Nicole gave a kiss to Alicia
Then Vanessa and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Vanessa
Then, Courtney and Amber were working at the station. Amber decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Joshua and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Joshua
Friends separated at birth Anthony and Dustin found a basketball at the house. Anthony gave it to Dustin
Then in the morning, Brandon and Michael had a lot of fun at the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Thomas
Then Thomas and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Angela
Then, Christopher and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Megan
After taking a long break Andrea and Vanessa went to the school, Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Thomas and Kelly were thinking about going to the station, and Kelly wanted to give a kiss to Thomas
Then Jesse and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
While spending time together Joshua and Anthony were working at the station, Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Afterwards, Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then in the morning, John and Elizabeth were working at the house. John decided to give a bone to Elizabeth
Then Scott and Cody had a lot of fun at the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then Brian and Christine had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Brian
Friends separated at birth Paul and Nicholas found a computer at the hospital. Paul gave it to Nicholas
Then, Nathan and David had a long argument. Afterwards David said to Nathan
Then, Jesse and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Jesse
Then Charles and Nicole were thinking about going to the school, and Nicole wanted to give a necklace to Charles
Then, Crystal and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a drink to Crystal
The local big hospital Nathan and William went to had a kiss. Nathan gave it to William
Then in the morning, Sean and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Eric
Afterwards Patrick and Amy went to the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Rachel and Amber were working at the garden. Amber decided to give a necklace to Rachel
After the lunch, Joshua and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Afterwards Michael and Rachel went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then, Courtney and Sean were working at the office. Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then Alexander and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Kevin and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to Amy
Then in the morning afterwards, Christina and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Benjamin
Then, Nicole and Kenneth were working at the station. Kenneth decided to give a kiss to Nicole
Then, Katherine and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Katherine
After the lunch, Nathan and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
Afterwards Kevin and Sara went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then, Stephen and Amy had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Amy
Afterwards, while spending time together Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Daniel and Jeremy were working at the house. Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Daniel
Then Kenneth and Jason were working at the house, and Jason decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then, Jamie and Paul were working at the school. Paul decided to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Heather and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Heather
Then Tiffany and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Joshua and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Erica
Then, Angela and Samuel were working at the garden. Samuel decided to give a computer to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, Alicia and Danielle had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Danielle
Then Justin and Paul were thinking about going to the house, and Paul wanted to give a bone to Justin
Then, Scott and Travis were thinking about going to the restaurant. Travis wanted to give a necklace to Scott
Then in the morning, Paul and Justin were thinking about going to the house. Paul wanted to give a bone to Justin
Then Samantha and Elizabeth were working at the store, and Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Jennifer and Crystal had a long argument and after that Crystal said to Jennifer
After the lunch Sean and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Sean were working at the store. Jennifer decided to give a basketball to Sean
Then, Nathan and David had a long argument and after that David said to Nathan
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
The local big office Matthew and Melissa went to had a snack. Matthew gave it to Melissa
Then, Brian and Christine were thinking about going to the store. Christine wanted to give a bone to Brian
When soon afterwards Kenneth and Nicole got a kiss at the station, Kenneth decided to give it to Nicole
Then, Katherine and Thomas went to the station. Katherine gave a computer to Thomas
Then in the morning, Anthony and Dustin were working at the house. Anthony decided to give a basketball to Dustin
Then, Samantha and Stephen had a lot of fun at the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Kimberly and Sarah had a long argument, and after that Sarah said to Kimberly
While spending time together Elizabeth and Tyler were commuting to the store, Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Kristen and Courtney went to the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Afterwards, Kimberly and Cody went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Eric and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Emily
Then Matthew and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Jesse
Afterwards Joseph and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Afterwards Tyler and Ryan went to the office, and Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then, Stephen and Amy went to the office. Stephen gave a ring to Amy
After the lunch, Samantha and Thomas went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Thomas
Then Bradley and John were thinking about going to the house, and Bradley wanted to give a computer to John
Then Kimberly and Sarah had a lot of fun at the office, and Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then, Mary and Jamie were working at the garden. Jamie decided to give a ring to Mary
After the lunch Vanessa and Justin went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
After the lunch, Justin and Lindsey went to the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then in the morning, Stephen and Paul were thinking about going to the school. Stephen wanted to give a drink to Paul
When soon afterwards Nicholas and Christina got a basketball at the station, Nicholas decided to give it to Christina
Then Nicholas and Matthew were thinking about going to the station, and Matthew wanted to give a ring to Nicholas
Then Andrea and Alicia were working at the restaurant, and Andrea decided to give a snack to Alicia
Then Kimberly and Adam were working at the house, and Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Adam
Then, Nicole and Amanda had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Nicole
Then Jonathan and Aaron were working at the store, and Jonathan decided to give a ring to Aaron
After the lunch, Mary and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
After the lunch Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Dustin had a lot of fun at the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Afterwards Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Megan and Sara went to the hospital, and Sara gave a snack to Megan
Afterwards Jamie and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
After taking a long break Kenneth and Nicole went to the station, Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
After taking a long break John and Elizabeth went to the house, John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Alicia and Patrick went to the garden. Alicia gave a drink to Patrick
Afterwards, while spending time together Eric and Jason went to the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
After the lunch in the afternoon, Danielle and Steven went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Courtney and Amber had a lot of fun at the station. Amber gave a snack to Courtney
The local big hospital Stephen and Samantha went to had a basketball. Stephen gave it to Samantha
Afterwards Nicole and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then Courtney and Amber went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Courtney
After the lunch Melissa and John went to the garden, and John gave a drink to Melissa
After the lunch Jamie and Mary went to the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
After the lunch, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the office. Jonathan gave a computer to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Tiffany were working at the office. Kenneth decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then James and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to James
After taking a long break Cody and Kelly went to the office, Cody gave a snack to Kelly
While spending time together Jeremy and Daniel were working at the house, Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Jason and James had a long argument, and after that James said to Jason
Then Jamie and Shannon had a long argument, and after that Shannon said to Jamie
Then, Nicole and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Alicia
Then Samuel and Rachel had a lot of fun at the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Afterwards, Gregory and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Emily and Cody had a lot of fun at the station. Cody gave a kiss to Emily
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then Lauren and Travis had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Lauren
Then, Anthony and Richard were thinking about going to the school. Richard wanted to give a ring to Anthony
Then, Elizabeth and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Elizabeth
Then Kristen and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Stephen
Then Tyler and Thomas were working at the hospital, and Thomas decided to give a snack to Tyler
After the lunch Sean and Paul went to the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then Michelle and Joshua were working at the office, and Michelle decided to give a ring to Joshua
Then Amber and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Amber
Then in the morning, Eric and Jason were working at the house. Eric decided to give a snack to Jason
Then, Dustin and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then Jamie and Dustin had a lot of fun at the school, and Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Crystal were thinking about going to the house. Vanessa wanted to give a ring to Crystal
After the lunch, Benjamin and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Patrick and Amy were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amy wanted to give a bone to Patrick
While spending time together Andrea and Alicia were working at the restaurant, Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Friends separated at birth Shannon and Amanda found a drink at the store. Shannon gave it to Amanda
While spending time together Paul and Justin were working at the house, Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then in the morning, Andrew and Gregory were working at the house. Andrew decided to give a kiss to Gregory
Then, Matthew and William were working at the office. Matthew decided to give a snack to William
Then Samuel and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Samuel
Then, Megan and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Megan said to Joshua
Then Anthony and Joshua were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then Sean and Eric were thinking about going to the garden, and Sean wanted to give a kiss to Eric
Then, Ryan and Amy were working at the station. Amy decided to give a snack to Ryan
Then Travis and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Travis
Then Paul and Samuel were thinking about going to the store, and Samuel wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards Jason and Amanda went to the store, and Amanda gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards, Christina and Vanessa went to the store. Christina gave a snack to Vanessa
Then, Kevin and John were thinking about going to the school. Kevin wanted to give a bone to John
Then, Timothy and Patrick had a long argument and after that Patrick said to Timothy
Friends separated at birth Lindsey and Justin found a snack at the school. Lindsey gave it to Justin
Then, Alexander and Jamie had a long argument and after that Alexander said to Jamie
Then, Kenneth and Jamie were thinking about going to the office. Jamie wanted to give a ring to Kenneth
Then Kelly and Cody went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then in the morning, Amanda and Ryan had a lot of fun at the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Scott got a snack at the office, Lindsey decided to give it to Scott
When soon afterwards Jamie and Kenneth got a ring at the office, Jamie decided to give it to Kenneth
Then Tiffany and Samuel had a lot of fun at the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Kimberly and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Kimberly
Then, Michael and John went to the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to John
Then, Courtney and David were working at the hospital. David decided to give a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, while spending time together Lauren and Ashley went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then, Elizabeth and John had a long argument and after that John said to Elizabeth
Then, Eric and Stephanie were thinking about going to the garden. Eric wanted to give a computer to Stephanie
While spending time together Alicia and Danielle were commuting to the restaurant, Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then Christina and Benjamin had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Brian and Christopher had a lot of fun at the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Jeremy and Jamie were working at the hospital. Jamie decided to give a snack to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Cody and Kelly had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Kelly
Then, Sarah and Charles were working at the garden. Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then Eric and Aaron went to the hospital, and Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Friends separated at birth Andrew and Gregory found a kiss at the house. Andrew gave it to Gregory
Then Kevin and Sara went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Courtney and Amber were working at the restaurant, and Amber decided to give a bone to Courtney
Then Kimberly and Brandon had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Kimberly
Afterwards, while spending time together Travis and Jamie went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then, Christopher and Brian were thinking about going to the station. Brian wanted to give a necklace to Christopher
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Tiffany got a basketball at the station, Vanessa decided to give it to Tiffany
Then Andrea and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Alicia
Then Brandon and Angela were working at the house, and Brandon decided to give a computer to Angela
Then, Joshua and Michelle were working at the office. Michelle decided to give a ring to Joshua
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Crystal got a ring at the house, Vanessa decided to give the ring to Crystal
After the lunch Lauren and Brittany went to the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
After the lunch, Brittany and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Lisa and Jose were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jose wanted to give a ring to Lisa
After the lunch Sara and Eric went to the office, and Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Tyler and Ryan went to the office. Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
Then Mary and Kyle went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Afterwards, Megan and Joshua went to the station. Megan gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Charles and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school. Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then Angela and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Angela
After the lunch, James and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Alicia and Nicole went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a bone to Nicole
When soon afterwards Michael and Elizabeth got a ring at the station, Michael decided to give it to Elizabeth
Afterwards Ryan and Amy went to the station, and Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then Heather and Joshua had a lot of fun at the house, and Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Katherine
Then Nathan and David had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Nathan
Then, Brian and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Katie
Then Melissa and Jeremy went to the store, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Eric and Sean were working at the garden, and Sean decided to give a kiss to Eric
Afterwards, while spending time together William and Andrew went to the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
Then, Alexander and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Nicholas said to Alexander
Then Nathan and Jessica were thinking about going to the school, and Jessica wanted to give a ring to Nathan
Then Joshua and Erica had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then in the morning, Christine and Alexander went to the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
When soon afterwards Kimberly and Adam got a basketball at the house, Kimberly decided to give the basketball to Adam
Then in the morning afterwards, Cody and Kelly had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Kelly
Then Samuel and Rachel were working at the station, and Rachel decided to give a ring to Samuel
Then Danielle and Alicia were working at the restaurant, and Alicia decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then Courtney and David had a long argument, and after that David said to Courtney
Then, Sara and Richard were working at the restaurant. Sara decided to give a necklace to Richard
Afterwards Jason and Alicia went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then, Steven and Danielle had a long argument and after that Danielle said to Steven
Then, Christopher and Brian were working at the station. Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then, Shannon and Patrick were working at the school. Patrick decided to give a necklace to Shannon
Then Ashley and Lauren had a lot of fun at the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
After the lunch Tyler and Thomas went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Thomas and Amber were thinking about going to the house. Thomas wanted to give a kiss to Amber
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kyle and Mary went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Patrick and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then, Kyle and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Kyle
Then, Kevin and Amy had a lot of fun at the school. Kevin gave a basketball to Amy
Afterwards Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Matthew and Jesse were thinking about going to the house, and Matthew wanted to give a kiss to Jesse
When soon afterwards Jose and Lisa got a ring at the hospital, Jose decided to give it to Lisa
Afterwards, Courtney and John went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to John
Then Jonathan and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Jason and James went to the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then, Brittany and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Afterwards Joshua and Sean went to the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then Emily and Michael went to the hospital, and Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Mary and Kyle had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Mary
When soon afterwards Joshua and Dustin got a computer at the station, Joshua decided to give the computer to Dustin
While spending time together Brandon and Angela were commuting to the house, Brandon gave a computer to Angela
While spending time together Lindsey and Justin were working at the school, Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then Brandon and Angela were thinking about going to the house, and Brandon wanted to give a computer to Angela
Then, Daniel and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Daniel
After taking a long break Samantha and Elizabeth went to the store, Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Kenneth and Nicole found a kiss at the station. Kenneth gave it to Nicole
Afterwards Jamie and Paul went to the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
When soon afterwards Nicole and Paul got a computer at the hospital, Nicole decided to give the computer to Paul
Then Tyler and Thomas had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
After the lunch, Scott and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Christopher and Timothy were working at the school, and Christopher decided to give a bone to Timothy
Then Samuel and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Tiffany
Then, Melissa and Lindsey were working at the store. Lindsey decided to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Melissa and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Joseph and Katie were thinking about going to the station, and Katie wanted to give a kiss to Joseph
Then, Ryan and Amanda had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Ryan
Afterwards Robert and Richard went to the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Scott and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Scott
Then Nathan and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and David gave a ring to Nathan
Then Michelle and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Joshua
Then, Tiffany and Kenneth were thinking about going to the office. Kenneth wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then, John and Anthony were thinking about going to the hospital. Anthony wanted to give a drink to John
Afterwards, Elizabeth and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Travis and Jonathan were working at the restaurant, and Jonathan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then Anthony and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a computer to Anthony
When soon afterwards Kevin and Sara got a bone at the station, Kevin decided to give it to Sara
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Steven were thinking about going to the garden. Jonathan wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Then Jeffrey and Bryan had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then Jessica and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then, Megan and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Megan wanted to give a ring to Joshua
The local big store Jacob and Kyle went to had a bone. Jacob gave it to Kyle
Afterwards Mary and Jamie went to the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
When soon afterwards Lindsay and Jeremy got a kiss at the hospital, Lindsay decided to give it to Jeremy
Then Jeffrey and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then Kristen and Stephen were working at the garden, and Kristen decided to give a necklace to Stephen
Then, Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Heather and Ashley went to the store, and Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
While spending time together Emily and Jesse were working at the school, Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
While spending time together Megan and Tiffany were commuting to the school, Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Rachel and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to Rachel
Then, Justin and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Justin
Then, Tiffany and Megan had a long argument. Afterwards Megan said to Tiffany
Then in the morning afterwards, Paul and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Tyler
Then, David and Gregory had a long argument and after that Gregory said to David
Then, Michael and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Katherine and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Katherine
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey were working at the school. Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Vanessa and Crystal went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
After the lunch Angela and Brandon went to the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch, Sara and Amber went to the office. Sara gave a basketball to Amber
Then, Vanessa and Kyle had a lot of fun at the house. Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Jason and Amanda were working at the store. Amanda decided to give a snack to Jason
Afterwards, Angela and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Thomas and Amber were working at the house. Thomas decided to give a kiss to Amber
Then Patrick and Jose were thinking about going to the garden, and Jose wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Samuel and Jeremy were working at the garden, and Jeremy decided to give a basketball to Samuel
Afterwards, Alicia and Patrick went to the garden. Alicia gave a drink to Patrick
Then Richard and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Richard
Then, Jason and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Jason
Then Eric and Aaron were working at the hospital, and Aaron decided to give a computer to Eric
Then Kimberly and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Kimberly
The local big school Christopher and Timothy went to had a bone. Christopher gave it to Timothy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Sean went to the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
After the lunch, Kristen and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Then Jacob and Kyle were thinking about going to the store, and Jacob wanted to give a bone to Kyle
Then, Angela and Adam were working at the store. Adam decided to give a bone to Angela
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Alicia and James had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to James
Afterwards Jamie and Dustin went to the school, and Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie had a lot of fun at the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Sean and Angela had a long argument, and after that Angela said to Sean
Then, Alicia and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Alicia
Then in the morning, Danielle and Steven were working at the store. Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
After the lunch, Stephanie and Nicole went to the store. Stephanie gave a necklace to Nicole
The local big restaurant Alicia and Danielle went to had a computer. Alicia gave it to Danielle
After the lunch Samuel and Jeremy went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kyle had a lot of fun at the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Paul and Justin were thinking about going to the house, and Paul wanted to give a bone to Justin
Then Paul and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Jamie
Then, Nathan and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Nathan
Then Anthony and Richard were working at the school, and Richard decided to give a ring to Anthony
Then Courtney and Sean were thinking about going to the office, and Sean wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then Tiffany and Rebecca were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Kyle and Mary were thinking about going to the station. Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Mary
Then, Gregory and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Gregory
Afterwards, Amanda and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Then Emily and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then Amanda and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Nicole
Then, Emily and Aaron were thinking about going to the house. Aaron wanted to give a bone to Emily
Then Jamie and Mary were working at the garden, and Jamie decided to give a ring to Mary
Then Bradley and John had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to John
Then Megan and Tiffany went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Angela and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Angela
Then, Sara and Richard had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Sara gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Jason and Erin had a long argument and after that Jason said to Erin
Then Joshua and Erica were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then, Alicia and Andrea had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
After the lunch, Charles and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then, Kevin and John had a lot of fun at the school. Kevin gave a bone to John
Then Melissa and Steven were working at the hospital, and Melissa decided to give a computer to Steven
Then Erica and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a necklace to Erica
Then Steven and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Steven
Then Nicole and Kenneth went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Melissa and Matthew were thinking about going to the office, and Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then, Samuel and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Afterwards, Kenneth and Dustin went to the office. Kenneth gave a snack to Dustin
When soon afterwards Jonathan and Steven got a kiss at the garden, Jonathan decided to give the kiss to Steven
Then Michelle and Joshua went to the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, James and Heather went to the hospital. James gave a drink to Heather
After the lunch, Eric and Emily went to the store. Eric gave a necklace to Emily
Then, Kimberly and Kristen were working at the garden. Kristen decided to give a computer to Kimberly
Afterwards, Jessica and Nathan went to the office. Jessica gave a drink to Nathan
Then Jason and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Kenneth
Then in the morning, Andrea and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then Thomas and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Scott and Kenneth were working at the school, and Kenneth decided to give a bone to Scott
Then, Samantha and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then Joshua and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then, Crystal and Katie were working at the hospital. Katie decided to give a drink to Crystal
Then, Anthony and Christopher had a lot of fun at the garden. Anthony gave a computer to Christopher
Afterwards Angela and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a bone to Angela
Then Christina and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Jonathan and Robert went to the house, and Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Andrew and William were working at the garden. William decided to give a snack to Andrew
The local big office Adam and Cody went to had a kiss. Adam gave it to Cody
Then, Brittany and Christopher had a lot of fun at the office. Brittany gave a ring to Christopher
When soon afterwards Alicia and James got a basketball at the store, Alicia decided to give it to James
The local big station Kyle and Mary went to had a basketball. Kyle gave it to Mary
After the lunch Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Tiffany and Nicole were thinking about going to the house, and Nicole wanted to give a kiss to Tiffany
Then, Steven and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then, Tyler and Thomas had a lot of fun at the hospital. Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Megan and Thomas were working at the house. Thomas decided to give a basketball to Megan
Then Ashley and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Thomas
Afterwards Alicia and Andrea went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Lauren and Amanda had a lot of fun at the hospital. Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
After the lunch Paul and Nicole went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then Elizabeth and Samantha went to the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Cody and Aaron were working at the garden. Aaron decided to give a drink to Cody
Then Kyle and Mary went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
When soon afterwards Scott and Cody got a bone at the station, Scott decided to give the bone to Cody
Afterwards Cody and Kelly went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
When soon afterwards Christopher and Timothy got a bone at the school, Christopher decided to give the bone to Timothy
While spending time together Andrew and Gregory were commuting to the house, Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
While spending time together Sean and Eric were working at the garden, Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Vanessa and Andrea were thinking about going to the school. Andrea wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then William and Andrew were working at the garden, and William decided to give a snack to Andrew
Then, Dustin and Anthony were working at the house. Anthony decided to give a basketball to Dustin
Then, Eric and Stephanie were working at the garden. Eric decided to give a computer to Stephanie
Then Jason and Eric had a lot of fun at the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
After the lunch Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Andrew and William were thinking about going to the garden. William wanted to give a snack to Andrew
Then Shannon and Patrick were thinking about going to the school, and Patrick wanted to give a necklace to Shannon
Then in the morning, Samuel and Paul were thinking about going to the store. Samuel wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Cody and Gregory were thinking about going to the hospital. Gregory wanted to give a kiss to Cody
Then in the morning, Gregory and David went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then in the morning, Stephen and Samantha had a long argument, and afterwards Stephen said to Samantha
The local big store Jennifer and Sean went to had a basketball. Jennifer gave it to Sean
While spending time together Jonathan and Aaron were working at the store, Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Afterwards Lauren and Katie went to the school, and Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Afterwards, while spending time together Brandon and Michael went to the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Tiffany and Megan had a long argument, and after that Megan said to Tiffany
Then Nicole and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Nicole
Then Dustin and Anthony were thinking about going to the house, and Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Dustin
Then Ryan and Kyle had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Kyle
After the lunch Ashley and Gregory went to the hospital, and Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then Michael and Brandon were thinking about going to the school, and Brandon wanted to give a drink to Michael
Friends separated at birth Jason and Kenneth found a drink at the house. Jason gave it to Kenneth
Afterwards Michael and Elizabeth went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
While spending time together Christopher and Timothy were commuting to the school, Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Friends separated at birth Bradley and John found a computer at the house. Bradley gave it to John
Then Stephen and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Stephen
Then, Brittany and Lauren were thinking about going to the house. Lauren wanted to give a drink to Brittany
Then, Jacob and Paul had a lot of fun at the office. Jacob gave a necklace to Paul
After the lunch, Thomas and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Emily and Cody were working at the station. Cody decided to give a kiss to Emily
Then Adam and Cody had a long argument, and after that Adam said to Cody
Then Paul and Tyler had a lot of fun at the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant, and Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Then in the morning, Kevin and Sara were working at the station. Kevin decided to give a bone to Sara
Then, Patrick and Brittany were working at the house. Patrick decided to give a drink to Brittany
Then Thomas and Ashley had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Thomas
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Crystal were working at the house. Vanessa decided to give a ring to Crystal
Then Tyler and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Scott and Nicole had a long argument and after that Scott said to Nicole
When soon afterwards Matthew and Jesse got a kiss at the house, Matthew decided to give the kiss to Jesse
Then, Lisa and Jose were working at the hospital. Jose decided to give a ring to Lisa
Then Lauren and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Lauren
Afterwards Charles and Lindsay went to the store, and Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Then Thomas and Tiffany were working at the store, and Tiffany decided to give a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch, Jonathan and Anthony went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a kiss to Anthony
After taking a long break Matthew and Jesse went to the house, Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, Tyler and Paul were thinking about going to the house. Paul wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Sean and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Alexander and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Alexander
After the lunch, Andrew and Charles went to the station. Andrew gave a kiss to Charles
Then Tiffany and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Benjamin
Afterwards, Courtney and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Courtney
After the lunch, Erica and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then Lindsay and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then, Kimberly and Tyler had a long argument and after that Kimberly said to Tyler
Then Aaron and Jonathan were working at the store, and Jonathan decided to give a ring to Aaron
Then Stephen and Paul had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Paul
Then, Kimberly and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Sarah said to Kimberly
Then, John and Allison had a long argument and after that Allison said to John
Then Anthony and Dustin went to the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
After the lunch Eric and Aaron went to the hospital, and Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then Andrea and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Vanessa
Then, Stephen and John were working at the garden. Stephen decided to give a bone to John
Then Jesse and Lauren had a lot of fun at the school, and Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Afterwards Nicholas and Paul went to the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then Samuel and Rachel were thinking about going to the station, and Rachel wanted to give a ring to Samuel
Afterwards, while spending time together Danielle and Steven went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Scott and Kenneth were thinking about going to the school. Kenneth wanted to give a bone to Scott
Then Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then, Sean and Jennifer went to the station. Sean gave a computer to Jennifer
Then Travis and Jonathan were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Jonathan wanted to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Kimberly and Melissa were working at the garden. Melissa decided to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Michelle and Paul were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a necklace to Michelle
After taking a long break Joshua and Sean went to the station, Joshua gave a drink to Sean
After the lunch, Christopher and Brian went to the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then, Heather and Jamie had a long argument and after that Heather said to Jamie
Then Jose and Lisa were working at the hospital, and Jose decided to give a ring to Lisa
Then, Stephanie and Aaron went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Aaron
Then, Timothy and Bradley had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Bradley
Then, Angela and Samuel were thinking about going to the garden. Samuel wanted to give a computer to Angela
Then, Samantha and Thomas went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Thomas
Then, Kenneth and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Dustin
Then Adam and Richard were working at the station, and Richard decided to give a snack to Adam
Then in the morning, Nicole and Paul went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
After taking a long break Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital, Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
After the lunch Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Sean and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Sean
Afterwards Samantha and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then, Christopher and Jennifer were working at the hospital. Jennifer decided to give a bone to Christopher
Afterwards, Crystal and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Lauren and Katie had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Lauren
Afterwards Steven and Melissa went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then Christine and Brian had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Brian
While spending time together Joshua and Erica were working at the station, Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
The local big hospital Jennifer and Paul went to had a kiss. Jennifer gave it to Paul
Then in the morning afterwards, Samuel and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Tiffany
Then, Stephen and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
After the lunch, Erin and Joseph went to the office. Erin gave a drink to Joseph
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth were working at the garden. Elizabeth decided to give a computer to Jonathan
Then, Benjamin and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Benjamin
When soon afterwards Andrea and Vanessa got a bone at the school, Andrea decided to give the bone to Vanessa
Then in the morning afterwards, Jose and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Patrick
After the lunch Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Dustin and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Dustin
Then Elizabeth and Jesse were working at the station, and Jesse decided to give a ring to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Matthew and Melissa found a snack at the office. Matthew gave it to Melissa
Then Stephen and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Samantha
After the lunch, Scott and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, Jeremy and Michael had a lot of fun at the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to Michael
Then, Charles and Lindsay had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Charles
Then Jamie and Paul had a lot of fun at the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then in the morning, Joshua and Sean went to the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
After the lunch, Tiffany and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Jesse and Allison had a long argument, and afterwards Allison said to Jesse
Then, Erin and Brittany had a long argument and after that Brittany said to Erin
When soon afterwards Jessica and Nathan got a ring at the school, Jessica decided to give the ring to Nathan
Then Lindsey and Justin had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Justin
While spending time together Tiffany and Benjamin were commuting to the hospital, Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Kristen and Courtney had a long argument, and after that Courtney said to Kristen
Afterwards, Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Afterwards, Shannon and Joseph went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a computer to Joseph
Then, Adam and Kimberly were working at the house. Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Adam
Then, Michael and Brandon were working at the school. Brandon decided to give a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Charles and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to Sarah
After the lunch Megan and Thomas went to the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Robert and Adam had a long argument and after that Adam said to Robert
Then, Benjamin and Paul had a lot of fun at the station. Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then Lindsey and Justin went to the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then James and Jessica went to the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
Then, Lisa and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Lisa said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Lauren and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then, Megan and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a snack to Megan
Afterwards Katherine and Lindsey went to the garden, and Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Then, Samantha and Thomas were thinking about going to the restaurant. Samantha wanted to give a bone to Thomas
Then, Steven and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
After the lunch Samantha and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
When soon afterwards Jacob and Kyle got a bone at the store, Jacob decided to give the bone to Kyle
Then, Erin and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Charles
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrew and Gregory went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Emily and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Emily
While spending time together Kevin and Sara were working at the station, Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then Alicia and James were thinking about going to the store, and Alicia wanted to give a basketball to James
Then Thomas and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Benjamin and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Afterwards Megan and Sara went to the hospital, and Sara gave a snack to Megan
Afterwards Justin and Lindsey went to the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
After the lunch Scott and Thomas went to the school, and Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then Angela and Thomas had a lot of fun at the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Lindsey and Scott were thinking about going to the office, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Scott
Then Nathan and Jessica had a lot of fun at the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then Kyle and Ryan had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then Christina and Daniel had a long argument, and afterwards Daniel said to Christina
The local big hospital David and Courtney went to had a snack. David gave it to Courtney
Then in the morning afterwards, Matthew and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Afterwards, Jonathan and Robert went to the house. Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Ryan and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Kyle
Then, Lindsay and Shannon were working at the house. Shannon decided to give a basketball to Lindsay
Then in the morning, Melissa and Steven were thinking about going to the hospital. Melissa wanted to give a computer to Steven
Afterwards, Samantha and Christine went to the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Christine
Then, Andrea and Scott had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to Scott
While spending time together Jennifer and Paul were working at the hospital, Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Brandon and Jamie were thinking about going to the house. Brandon wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Robert and Sarah had a long argument and after that Robert said to Sarah
Then, Dustin and Anthony had a long argument and after that Anthony said to Dustin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Rachel and Samuel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Kristen and Angela had a lot of fun at the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Angela
Then, Jesse and Emily had a long argument. Afterwards Emily said to Jesse
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Anthony went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Kyle and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Kyle
Afterwards Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant, and Amber gave a bone to Courtney
After the lunch, Jesse and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
After the lunch, Megan and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a snack to Megan
Then Thomas and Angela went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Elizabeth said to Tyler
Afterwards, Justin and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then David and Gregory were working at the restaurant, and Gregory decided to give a necklace to David
Then, Brian and Katie were thinking about going to the restaurant. Brian wanted to give a necklace to Katie
Then Emily and Jesse had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Jesse
Then Erica and Joshua were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a necklace to Erica
Then, Melissa and Lindsey were thinking about going to the store. Lindsey wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then Paul and Sean had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Sean
Then in the morning, Christine and Alexander were thinking about going to the hospital. Christine wanted to give a snack to Alexander
Then, Jennifer and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Jennifer
Then Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument, and afterwards Katherine said to Lindsey
Then Joshua and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Anthony
Then in the morning, Robert and Richard went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then Nicole and Katie went to the station, and Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Afterwards Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Jamie
After taking a long break Bradley and John went to the house, Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Eric and Brian were thinking about going to the store. Eric wanted to give a ring to Brian
Then in the morning afterwards, Brian and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Christopher
Then in the morning, Melissa and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Melissa said to Steven
Afterwards Ashley and Lauren went to the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
After the lunch Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Patrick and Brittany had a lot of fun at the house. Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Emily and Aaron were working at the house. Aaron decided to give a bone to Emily
Then, Gregory and Tyler had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
While spending time together Shannon and Amanda were working at the store, Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Kimberly and Kristen had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Kimberly
Then, Nicole and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
After the lunch, Paul and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then Amy and Patrick were thinking about going to the hospital, and Amy wanted to give a bone to Patrick
Then in the morning, Paul and Michelle were working at the office. Paul decided to give a necklace to Michelle
After the lunch, Kyle and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Afterwards, Elizabeth and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Tiffany and Megan were thinking about going to the school, and Megan wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Jennifer and Crystal had a lot of fun at the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then John and Bradley were thinking about going to the house, and Bradley wanted to give a computer to John
Then Nicholas and Alexander went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Rachel and Amber had a lot of fun at the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Michelle and Stephanie were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Michelle
Then Andrea and Alicia had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
While spending time together Andrea and Vanessa were working at the school, Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Jessica and James had a long argument and after that James said to Jessica
While spending time together Lauren and Brittany were commuting to the house, Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then Charles and Lindsay had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsay said to Charles
Afterwards, Lauren and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
After the lunch, Brittany and Christopher went to the office. Brittany gave a ring to Christopher
Then Ashley and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Ashley
After the lunch Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Ryan and Nicholas were working at the hospital. Ryan decided to give a basketball to Nicholas
The local big store Elizabeth and Tyler went to had a kiss. Elizabeth gave it to Tyler
Then Dustin and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then Kevin and Sara had a long argument, and after that Kevin said to Sara
After the lunch Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then Samantha and Jeremy were working at the school, and Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Samantha
When soon afterwards Tiffany and Benjamin got a snack at the hospital, Tiffany decided to give the snack to Benjamin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Dustin went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
When soon afterwards Joshua and Dustin got a computer at the station, Joshua decided to give it to Dustin
Then, Vanessa and Andrea had a long argument. Afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Then Tiffany and Thomas were working at the store, and Tiffany decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Then Charles and Lindsay had a long argument, and after that Lindsay said to Charles
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jacob and Kyle went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Erica and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Afterwards Christine and Brian went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Adam and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Cody
Afterwards Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Bryan were working at the school. Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Alicia and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store, and Tiffany wanted to give a snack to Alicia
Then Tiffany and Vanessa had a long argument, and after that Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then Paul and Justin had a lot of fun at the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then in the morning, Amanda and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Ryan
Afterwards, Sean and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then Lindsay and Jeremy were thinking about going to the hospital, and Lindsay wanted to give a kiss to Jeremy
Then Richard and Robert were thinking about going to the office, and Robert wanted to give a kiss to Richard
After the lunch Jamie and Kenneth went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards Angela and Thomas went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Kyle and Bradley went to the station. Kyle gave a drink to Bradley
Then in the morning, Andrew and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Gregory
Then, John and Allison were working at the restaurant. Allison decided to give a computer to John
Then, Tiffany and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Adam and Angela had a lot of fun at the store. Adam gave a kiss to Angela
After the lunch, Ashley and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then, Tyler and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Tyler said to Christine
Then Michael and Brandon had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Michael
After the lunch Megan and Tiffany went to the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch Ryan and Amy went to the station, and Amy gave a snack to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Tiffany and Thomas went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After the lunch Patrick and Jose went to the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Afterwards, Erica and Eric went to the school. Erica gave a computer to Eric
Then, Kristen and Courtney had a lot of fun at the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Then, James and Alicia had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to James
When soon afterwards Jamie and Kenneth got a ring at the office, Jamie decided to give the ring to Kenneth
After the lunch, Amanda and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then David and Courtney were thinking about going to the hospital, and David wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Scott and Travis had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then in the morning, Matthew and Jesse were working at the house. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Jesse
Afterwards, Anthony and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Amber and Stephen were working at the hospital, and Stephen decided to give a basketball to Amber
Then Joshua and Michelle had a lot of fun at the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Afterwards, Stephen and John went to the garden. Stephen gave a bone to John
Then, Matthew and William had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to William
Then in the morning, Joshua and Erica were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a necklace to Erica
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie went to the school. Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards Eric and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a ring to Eric
Then, Erin and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then, Samantha and Jeremy were working at the school. Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Samantha
Then, Jamie and Travis had a long argument and after that Travis said to Jamie
Afterwards Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Paul and Nicholas were working at the hospital, and Paul decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards, Joshua and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then Matthew and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Matthew
Then, Alicia and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Alicia
After the lunch in the afternoon, Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Timothy and Patrick were working at the hospital. Patrick decided to give a basketball to Timothy
Then Crystal and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Friends separated at birth Alicia and Danielle found a computer at the restaurant. Alicia gave it to Danielle
Afterwards Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Jason and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Eric said to Jason
Then Steven and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Steven
After the lunch Kimberly and Adam went to the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Afterwards Ashley and Thomas went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Afterwards, Lindsey and Anthony went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a bone to Anthony
Afterwards, Jason and James went to the restaurant. James gave a snack to Jason
Then, Michelle and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Michelle
The local big office Michelle and Joshua went to had a ring. Michelle gave it to Joshua
Then Joshua and Erica had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Erica
When soon afterwards Lauren and Ashley got a computer at the store, Lauren decided to give it to Ashley
After the lunch Angela and Bryan went to the house, and Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Afterwards, Dustin and Anthony went to the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Afterwards Jose and Lisa went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Alexander were working at the house. Nicholas decided to give a kiss to Alexander
Then, Kevin and Amy were thinking about going to the school. Kevin wanted to give a basketball to Amy
Then Joshua and Michael had a long argument, and after that Michael said to Joshua
The local big garden Jeremy and Samuel went to had a basketball. Jeremy gave it to Samuel
Then, Jamie and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Jamie
Afterwards Joshua and Erica went to the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then Kenneth and Tiffany were working at the office, and Kenneth decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Dustin were working at the garden. Jennifer decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Sean and Joseph were thinking about going to the school. Sean wanted to give a bone to Joseph
Then in the morning, Christine and Brian were thinking about going to the store. Christine wanted to give a bone to Brian
Then Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, William and Nathan had a long argument and after that Nathan said to William
Afterwards, Eric and Brian went to the store. Eric gave a ring to Brian
Then in the morning, Paul and Justin had a lot of fun at the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then Crystal and Vanessa were working at the house, and Vanessa decided to give a ring to Crystal
Then, Angela and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Angela
After the lunch, Rachel and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
Afterwards, Kimberly and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
Then, Anthony and Christopher had a long argument and after that Anthony said to Christopher
Then in the morning afterwards, Lauren and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Ashley
Then Jason and James were thinking about going to the restaurant, and James wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then in the morning, Ryan and Kyle were working at the hospital. Ryan decided to give a ring to Kyle
Then Paul and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Lindsey and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the house. Lindsey gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Kyle and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Kyle
After the lunch, Paul and Charles went to the office. Paul gave a bone to Charles
After the lunch, Courtney and David went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then John and Allison had a long argument, and afterwards Allison said to John
Afterwards, Nicole and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Paul and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Paul
After taking a long break Jacob and Kyle went to the store, Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Crystal got a ring at the house, Vanessa decided to give it to Crystal
Afterwards, Sara and Richard went to the restaurant. Sara gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Benjamin and Paul were working at the station. Paul decided to give a computer to Benjamin
Then Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, John and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the station. John gave a computer to Jeffrey
Then, Jesse and Allison had a long argument and after that Allison said to Jesse
Then Jason and Eric were thinking about going to the house, and Eric wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Sara and Kevin had a lot of fun at the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
After the lunch, John and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to John
When soon afterwards Samuel and Tiffany got a basketball at the store, Samuel decided to give the basketball to Tiffany
Then Jamie and Dustin were working at the school, and Dustin decided to give a bone to Jamie
After the lunch, Kimberly and Cody went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Christopher
Then Lindsay and Jeremy were working at the hospital, and Lindsay decided to give a kiss to Jeremy
Then Paul and Justin were working at the house, and Paul decided to give a bone to Justin
Then Adam and Kimberly were working at the house, and Kimberly decided to give a basketball to Adam
Then in the morning afterwards, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Afterwards Justin and Vanessa went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
When soon afterwards Robert and Richard got a kiss at the office, Robert decided to give it to Richard
Then, Gregory and Erin went to the house. Gregory gave a bone to Erin
Then, Samantha and Christine had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Christine
After the lunch Christina and Daniel went to the house, and Daniel gave a computer to Christina
Afterwards, Kevin and John went to the school. Kevin gave a bone to John
After the lunch, Nicole and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Vanessa and Justin were working at the school, and Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Justin
After taking a long break Travis and Jamie went to the school, Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Justin were working at the school. Vanessa decided to give a necklace to Justin
After taking a long break Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden, Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
While spending time together Lindsey and Scott were commuting to the office, Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Jennifer and Christopher were thinking about going to the garden, and Christopher wanted to give a snack to Jennifer
Afterwards Jesse and Lauren went to the school, and Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Emily and Michael were working at the hospital. Michael decided to give a bone to Emily
Then Vanessa and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Justin
Then in the morning, Cody and Kelly had a lot of fun at the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then Charles and Sarah went to the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Melissa and Matthew had a lot of fun at the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Scott and Kenneth were thinking about going to the school, and Kenneth wanted to give a bone to Scott
Afterwards, Nicole and Alicia went to the station. Nicole gave a kiss to Alicia
Afterwards, Jamie and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
After taking a long break Emily and Jesse went to the school, Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
After the lunch Angela and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a bone to Angela
Then Tiffany and Samuel were thinking about going to the store, and Samuel wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Paul and Jennifer were working at the hospital. Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then in the morning afterwards, Paul and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Jamie
Then, Thomas and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Ashley and Gregory went to the hospital, and Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then Jeremy and Daniel were working at the house, and Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Daniel
Then in the morning, Emily and Jesse had a lot of fun at the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then, Adam and Richard went to the station. Richard gave a snack to Adam
Then Courtney and David had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Courtney
Then, Courtney and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Courtney
Then Ryan and Amy had a lot of fun at the station, and Amy gave a snack to Ryan
After the lunch, Thomas and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then in the morning afterwards, Andrew and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Gregory
Then Joshua and Dustin were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then Vanessa and Kyle were thinking about going to the house, and Kyle wanted to give a kiss to Vanessa
Then Jamie and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Dustin said to Jamie
Then Brittany and Lauren were thinking about going to the house, and Lauren wanted to give a drink to Brittany
While spending time together Travis and Jamie were commuting to the school, Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Paul were thinking about going to the hospital. Jennifer wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, Jason and Erin went to the garden. Jason gave a snack to Erin
Then, Shannon and Lauren had a lot of fun at the house. Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Afterwards Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Kenneth and Jason had a long argument, and after that Jason said to Kenneth
When soon afterwards Jonathan and Aaron got a ring at the store, Jonathan decided to give the ring to Aaron
Then Paul and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Paul
When soon afterwards Paul and Nicholas got a computer at the hospital, Paul decided to give the computer to Nicholas
Afterwards, while spending time together Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Friends separated at birth Cody and Kelly found a snack at the office. Cody gave it to Kelly
Then Jose and Lisa were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jose wanted to give a ring to Lisa
Then Kevin and Sara had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to Sara
Then John and Elizabeth went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Ryan and Kyle found a ring at the hospital. Ryan gave it to Kyle
Then Steven and Jonathan went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then, Gregory and Samuel were working at the hospital. Samuel decided to give a ring to Gregory
Then in the morning, Samuel and Paul had a lot of fun at the store. Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch, Amy and Emily went to the station. Emily gave a bone to Amy
Afterwards Stephen and Paul went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, David and John went to the station. David gave a snack to John
Then, Joshua and Michael were thinking about going to the station. Michael wanted to give a drink to Joshua
Then Ashley and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then in the morning, Charles and Sarah were thinking about going to the garden. Charles wanted to give a kiss to Sarah
Then, Kenneth and Jamie had a lot of fun at the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Megan and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Megan said to Tiffany
Then, Melissa and Adam went to the store. Melissa gave a computer to Adam
Afterwards Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant, and Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Afterwards Nathan and Jessica went to the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Samuel and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Justin and Lindsey were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then, Crystal and Kyle were working at the restaurant. Crystal decided to give a kiss to Kyle
Then in the morning, Bradley and John were thinking about going to the house. Bradley wanted to give a computer to John
Then Christina and Benjamin went to the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
When soon afterwards Tiffany and Rebecca got a bone at the restaurant, Tiffany decided to give it to Rebecca
Then Samuel and Paul were working at the store, and Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards Benjamin and Tiffany went to the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Jennifer
When soon afterwards Brian and Christopher got a necklace at the station, Brian decided to give it to Christopher
Then Adam and Cody went to the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then, Steven and Melissa had a long argument and after that Melissa said to Steven
Then, Michael and Brandon had a lot of fun at the school. Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Afterwards Tyler and Thomas went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Stephen and Amy had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Amy
After the lunch in the afternoon, Shannon and Amanda went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Aaron and Jonathan had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Aaron
After the lunch, Alexander and Jamie went to the school. Alexander gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch in the afternoon, Sean and Eric went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Cody and Aaron were thinking about going to the garden, and Aaron wanted to give a drink to Cody
Afterwards Brittany and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Afterwards Kenneth and Nicole went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then, Adam and Angela were working at the store. Adam decided to give a kiss to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, Kyle and Mary had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Mary
Then in the morning, Michelle and Joshua were thinking about going to the office. Michelle wanted to give a ring to Joshua
Then, Jennifer and Tyler were working at the office. Tyler decided to give a ring to Jennifer
Then, Angela and Adam had a lot of fun at the store. Adam gave a bone to Angela
Afterwards Tiffany and Nicole went to the house, and Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then, Joshua and Michelle had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Joshua
Afterwards, Jennifer and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Robert and Sarah were thinking about going to the garden. Robert wanted to give a ring to Sarah
Afterwards, while spending time together Jonathan and Aaron went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then Danielle and Steven were thinking about going to the store, and Danielle wanted to give a necklace to Steven
Then, Kimberly and Sarah were thinking about going to the office. Sarah wanted to give a necklace to Kimberly
Then, Aaron and Jesse had a long argument and after that Aaron said to Jesse
Then, Vanessa and Ashley had a long argument and after that Ashley said to Vanessa
Then, Courtney and Amber had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Amber gave a bone to Courtney
Then, Justin and Paul were thinking about going to the house. Paul wanted to give a bone to Justin
Then, Michelle and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
After the lunch Lindsey and Thomas went to the garden, and Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then, Samantha and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Thomas
Then, Eric and Emily had a lot of fun at the office. Eric gave a snack to Emily
Then in the morning, Thomas and Megan had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then Benjamin and Christina had a long argument, and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Then in the morning afterwards, Jennifer and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Dustin
Then Vanessa and Andrea had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Vanessa
Then, James and Heather were working at the hospital. James decided to give a drink to Heather
Then, Dustin and Joshua had a long argument and after that Joshua said to Dustin
Then Jason and Alicia were working at the school, and Alicia decided to give a snack to Jason
Then Adam and Cody had a lot of fun at the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Aaron and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Aaron
Then Jonathan and Jennifer were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jennifer wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Eric and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Jason
Then, Elizabeth and William had a long argument and after that William said to Elizabeth
Then, Brittany and Christopher were thinking about going to the office. Brittany wanted to give a ring to Christopher
Then Joshua and Michael were thinking about going to the station, and Michael wanted to give a drink to Joshua
Then Rachel and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Samuel
Then, Amber and Jeremy were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jeremy wanted to give a snack to Amber
Afterwards, Jason and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards, Kristen and Angela went to the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Angela
When soon afterwards Jeremy and Daniel got a kiss at the house, Jeremy decided to give the kiss to Daniel
The local big station Kevin and Sara went to had a bone. Kevin gave it to Sara
Then, Amber and Stephen had a lot of fun at the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Then Lindsey and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Justin
While spending time together Paul and Jamie were working at the school, Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch Nicole and Kenneth went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Justin were thinking about going to the school. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Justin
Then, Erica and Eric were thinking about going to the school. Erica wanted to give a computer to Eric
Then, Kelly and Cody were thinking about going to the office. Cody wanted to give a snack to Kelly
Then, Sara and Amber were thinking about going to the office. Sara wanted to give a basketball to Amber
Then in the morning, Brandon and Michael were thinking about going to the school. Brandon wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then Tyler and Paul were thinking about going to the house, and Paul wanted to give a snack to Tyler
After the lunch Jason and Alicia went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then Vanessa and Kyle went to the house, and Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then, Stephen and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house. Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Stephen
After the lunch Amanda and Laura went to the house, and Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Then, Sarah and Charles had a long argument and after that Charles said to Sarah
Then Jennifer and Tyler went to the office, and Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
After the lunch Dustin and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Afterwards Travis and Robert went to the hospital, and Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then, Joshua and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then Michelle and Paul had a lot of fun at the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Crystal and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Dustin and Anthony went to the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then Tiffany and Megan had a long argument, and afterwards Megan said to Tiffany
Then Melissa and John had a long argument, and after that John said to Melissa
Then Emily and Michael had a long argument, and after that Michael said to Emily
After the lunch in the afternoon, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Heather and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Heather
After the lunch Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Jamie and Sara were thinking about going to the school. Jamie wanted to give a basketball to Sara
After the lunch in the afternoon, Scott and Cody went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
While spending time together Christina and Benjamin were commuting to the house, Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Afterwards, Eric and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a computer to Eric
After the lunch Steven and Jonathan went to the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Bryan and Jeffrey had a lot of fun at the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Lauren and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Ashley
Then Elizabeth and John were thinking about going to the house, and John wanted to give a bone to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Christina and Benjamin had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Benjamin
Afterwards, David and John went to the station. David gave a snack to John
Then, Michael and Brandon were thinking about going to the school. Brandon wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then, Michael and John had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to John
Then, Jason and James had a long argument and after that James said to Jason
Then Jamie and Paul went to the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Afterwards, Scott and Nicole went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Nicole
Then Scott and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Scott
Then Kyle and Ryan were working at the hospital, and Ryan decided to give a ring to Kyle
Then, Rebecca and David were working at the garden. Rebecca decided to give a bone to David
Afterwards Danielle and Alicia went to the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
After the lunch, Matthew and William went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to William
After the lunch Angela and Thomas went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Kyle and Ryan were working at the hospital. Ryan decided to give a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Kimberly said to Adam
Then, Jamie and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Sara
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jose and Patrick went to the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Afterwards, Richard and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then in the morning, Thomas and Angela were thinking about going to the station. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then, Samantha and Christine were working at the garden. Samantha decided to give a computer to Christine
Then Alexander and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Nicholas said to Alexander
After taking a long break Adam and Cody went to the office, Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Jesse and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then Nicole and Katie were thinking about going to the station, and Katie wanted to give a computer to Nicole
Then Melissa and Amy were thinking about going to the office, and Amy wanted to give a bone to Melissa
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Aaron
Then in the morning afterwards, Melissa and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Steven
While spending time together Jose and Patrick were working at the garden, Jose gave a drink to Patrick
After the lunch Scott and Cody went to the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Adam were thinking about going to the house. Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
When soon afterwards Thomas and Megan got a basketball at the house, Thomas decided to give it to Megan
After the lunch Eric and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a ring to Eric
While spending time together James and Jessica were commuting to the store, James gave a computer to Jessica
Then, David and Gregory went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then Adam and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then, Courtney and David had a lot of fun at the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
When soon afterwards Amanda and Nicole got a ring at the house, Amanda decided to give the ring to Nicole
Then Amanda and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then in the morning, Sean and Eric had a lot of fun at the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Gregory and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Gregory
Then Christopher and Brian were working at the station, and Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then, Shannon and Lauren were thinking about going to the house. Lauren wanted to give a ring to Shannon
Then Christine and Alexander were thinking about going to the hospital, and Christine wanted to give a snack to Alexander
After the lunch Charles and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then, Sean and Angela had a lot of fun at the office. Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then, Lindsey and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Lindsey
Then, John and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Allison said to John
Then Samuel and Rachel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then in the morning, Lauren and Brittany had a lot of fun at the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Megan and Thomas had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
When soon afterwards Lauren and Brittany got a drink at the house, Lauren decided to give it to Brittany
Afterwards, Sara and Daniel went to the station. Sara gave a kiss to Daniel
The local big station Samantha and Ryan went to had a ring. Samantha gave it to Ryan
Then, Scott and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kyle were working at the store. Jacob decided to give a bone to Kyle
Then Kimberly and Adam had a lot of fun at the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then, Cody and Gregory were working at the hospital. Gregory decided to give a kiss to Cody
Friends separated at birth William and Andrew found a snack at the garden. William gave it to Andrew
After the lunch, Kimberly and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
While spending time together Vanessa and Tiffany were working at the station, Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Nicole and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Nicole
Then, Jeremy and Jamie were thinking about going to the hospital. Jamie wanted to give a snack to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Benjamin were working at the hospital. Tiffany decided to give a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Christina went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Christina and Nicholas were working at the station, and Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Christina
Then Michelle and Stephanie were working at the hospital, and Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then, Sara and Eric went to the office. Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then Justin and Paul had a lot of fun at the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then, Joshua and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Afterwards, while spending time together Paul and Tyler went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Scott and Lindsey were working at the office. Lindsey decided to give a snack to Scott
Then, Samuel and Rachel had a long argument and after that Rachel said to Samuel
Then Lauren and Brittany were working at the house, and Lauren decided to give a drink to Brittany
Afterwards, Kyle and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
After the lunch Melissa and Steven went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Afterwards Bradley and John went to the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Erin and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Erin
Then Jennifer and Christopher were working at the garden, and Christopher decided to give a snack to Jennifer
Then Nicole and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Travis and Robert went to the hospital, and Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Then Thomas and Ashley had a lot of fun at the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Timothy and Patrick were working at the hospital, and Patrick decided to give a basketball to Timothy
After the lunch Samuel and Rachel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then Jeremy and Jamie had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then Christopher and Brian had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Christopher
Then, Brandon and Jamie had a lot of fun at the house. Brandon gave a basketball to Jamie
After the lunch, Melissa and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Then, Michael and John were working at the restaurant. Michael decided to give a kiss to John
Then Lauren and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Lauren
Then, Michael and Aaron had a long argument and after that Michael said to Aaron
Then Megan and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Megan
After the lunch, Amanda and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Jessica and Brittany had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Brittany
Then, Andrew and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
After the lunch Shannon and Amanda went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then Emily and Michael were working at the hospital, and Michael decided to give a bone to Emily
While spending time together Tiffany and Thomas were working at the store, Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then Christopher and Timothy went to the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
When soon afterwards Ashley and Thomas got a drink at the school, Ashley decided to give it to Thomas
Then John and Anthony were working at the hospital, and Anthony decided to give a drink to John
Then, Brian and Katie went to the restaurant. Brian gave a necklace to Katie
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Justin had a lot of fun at the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then in the morning, Andrew and Gregory were thinking about going to the house. Andrew wanted to give a kiss to Gregory
Then Jennifer and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Jennifer
Then, Michael and Rachel were thinking about going to the garden. Rachel wanted to give a snack to Michael
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that Elizabeth said to Jonathan
Then Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then Paul and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Paul
Then, Tyler and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Afterwards, Kyle and Laura went to the hospital. Kyle gave a necklace to Laura
After the lunch Tyler and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Afterwards Angela and Brandon went to the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then, Sean and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Sean
Then, Timothy and Jacob had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Jacob
Afterwards Lindsey and Justin went to the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then, Kenneth and Dustin were working at the office. Kenneth decided to give a snack to Dustin
Then, Timothy and Patrick had a lot of fun at the hospital. Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then in the morning, Christina and Benjamin went to the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Lindsey and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden. Thomas wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Ashley and Thomas were thinking about going to the school, and Ashley wanted to give a drink to Thomas
Then in the morning, Adam and Cody were thinking about going to the office. Adam wanted to give a kiss to Cody
After the lunch in the afternoon, Thomas and Angela went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Charles and Lindsay were working at the store, and Lindsay decided to give a drink to Charles
Then Elizabeth and Jesse went to the station, and Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Daniel and Jeremy were thinking about going to the house. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Daniel
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany were working at the hospital. Tiffany decided to give a snack to Benjamin
Then, Tiffany and Nicole had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Jessica and John went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a kiss to John
Then, Katherine and Lindsey were working at the garden. Lindsey decided to give a bone to Katherine
While spending time together Jeremy and Samuel were working at the garden, Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
When soon afterwards Melissa and Steven got a computer at the hospital, Melissa decided to give it to Steven
After the lunch, Aaron and Jesse went to the station. Aaron gave a computer to Jesse
Then in the morning, Joshua and Sean were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
While spending time together Alicia and Danielle were working at the restaurant, Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then, Alicia and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Then Kenneth and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Nicole
Afterwards Dustin and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Melissa and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then, Kristen and Angela were thinking about going to the hospital. Kristen wanted to give a drink to Angela
Then, Angela and John went to the garden. Angela gave a computer to John
Then Elizabeth and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Thomas and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Afterwards, Lindsey and Rebecca went to the house. Lindsey gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amy and Patrick went to the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
After the lunch, Michael and Aaron went to the garden. Michael gave a drink to Aaron
Then, Ashley and Lauren had a lot of fun at the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Jacob and Thomas had a long argument and after that Jacob said to Thomas
Then in the morning afterwards, Travis and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Jamie
After the lunch Cody and Scott went to the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then, Lindsey and Shannon went to the school. Lindsey gave a basketball to Shannon
Then in the morning, Sean and Eric were thinking about going to the garden. Sean wanted to give a kiss to Eric
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Rebecca
Friends separated at birth Kevin and Sara found a bone at the station. Kevin gave it to Sara
After the lunch, Jamie and Sara went to the school. Jamie gave a basketball to Sara
After taking a long break Jamie and Mary went to the garden, Jamie gave a ring to Mary
While spending time together Jonathan and Aaron were commuting to the store, Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Friends separated at birth Gregory and David found a necklace at the restaurant. Gregory gave it to David
Then Brandon and Angela went to the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then Steven and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Steven
The local big school Andrea and Vanessa went to had a bone. Andrea gave it to Vanessa
Then, Scott and Lindsey were thinking about going to the office. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Scott
Then Eric and Jason went to the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards, Jason and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then Vanessa and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
While spending time together Ryan and Kyle were working at the hospital, Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
After the lunch in the afternoon, Ryan and Kyle went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Nathan and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Afterwards, Kristen and Michael went to the school. Kristen gave a drink to Michael
When soon afterwards Sean and Eric got a kiss at the garden, Sean decided to give it to Eric
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jamie and Kenneth went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Stephen and Kristen had a long argument, and afterwards Kristen said to Stephen
Then, Scott and Kenneth went to the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
After the lunch, Lindsey and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
Then Jason and Kenneth were thinking about going to the house, and Jason wanted to give a drink to Kenneth
Then Christine and Alexander were working at the hospital, and Christine decided to give a snack to Alexander
While spending time together Paul and Michelle were working at the office, Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
After the lunch Jamie and Dustin went to the school, and Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Then James and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store, and Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then, Courtney and David went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Benjamin and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Benjamin said to Robert
Then Lindsey and Katherine had a long argument, and after that Katherine said to Lindsey
Then in the morning, Shannon and Amanda had a lot of fun at the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then in the morning, Samantha and Ryan were thinking about going to the station. Samantha wanted to give a ring to Ryan
Then, Courtney and Amber had a long argument. Afterwards Amber said to Courtney
Then, William and Nathan were working at the hospital. Nathan decided to give a kiss to William
After the lunch, Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store. Tyler gave a computer to Elizabeth
Then Kyle and Jacob had a lot of fun at the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Jennifer and Sean were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a basketball to Sean
After the lunch, Timothy and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
After the lunch, David and Gregory went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
After the lunch Travis and Jamie went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch Brian and Christopher went to the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Afterwards Danielle and Steven went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
After the lunch, Lindsey and Anthony went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a bone to Anthony
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Paul and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Tyler
Then, Jamie and Dustin had a long argument and after that Dustin said to Jamie
Then Anthony and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Anthony
Then, Melissa and Amy were thinking about going to the office. Amy wanted to give a bone to Melissa
Then, Gregory and Samuel were thinking about going to the hospital. Samuel wanted to give a ring to Gregory
Then, Angela and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Angela
The local big school Stephen and Paul went to had a drink. Stephen gave it to Paul
Then, Nicholas and Paul were working at the hospital. Paul decided to give a computer to Nicholas
Then, Jessica and James had a lot of fun at the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
Then in the morning, Ashley and Thomas were thinking about going to the school. Ashley wanted to give a drink to Thomas
While spending time together Amber and Rachel were commuting to the garden, Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Aaron and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station. Aaron gave a computer to Jesse
Then Courtney and Sean had a long argument, and after that Sean said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
After the lunch, Samuel and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
While spending time together Stephen and Paul were working at the school, Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Alicia and Tiffany were working at the store. Tiffany decided to give a snack to Alicia
Then, Katherine and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Then Eric and Jason were working at the house, and Eric decided to give a snack to Jason
Then, Alicia and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Brian
Then, Jamie and Tyler were working at the station. Jamie decided to give a bone to Tyler
Then Scott and Cody were thinking about going to the station, and Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then Amber and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Amber
Then, Ryan and Samantha had a lot of fun at the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then Daniel and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Daniel
Friends separated at birth Amanda and Nicole found a ring at the house. Amanda gave it to Nicole
Afterwards, Kevin and Amy went to the school. Kevin gave a basketball to Amy
After the lunch, Courtney and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Jessica and James were working at the store. James decided to give a computer to Jessica
Afterwards, Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
Then, Jessica and John had a long argument and after that Jessica said to John
Then, Nicole and Alicia had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Alicia
Then, Patrick and Jose were thinking about going to the garden. Jose wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Then Tyler and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Ryan said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Christine and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Brian
Then, Adam and Angela went to the store. Adam gave a kiss to Angela
Then in the morning, Joshua and Erica went to the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then Jason and Amanda had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Jason
After taking a long break Melissa and Steven went to the hospital, Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then Megan and Thomas were working at the house, and Thomas decided to give a basketball to Megan
After the lunch, Dustin and Anthony went to the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
The local big house Matthew and Jesse went to had a kiss. Matthew gave it to Jesse
Then Jessica and Nathan were thinking about going to the school, and Jessica wanted to give a ring to Nathan
When soon afterwards Michael and Elizabeth got a ring at the station, Michael decided to give the ring to Elizabeth
Then Bradley and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
After taking a long break Danielle and Steven went to the store, Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Jason and Amanda were thinking about going to the store. Amanda wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then Jennifer and Christopher had a lot of fun at the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Jason and Alicia were thinking about going to the school. Alicia wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Ryan and Nicholas had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Nicholas
When soon afterwards Paul and Jamie got a basketball at the school, Paul decided to give it to Jamie
Then Elizabeth and Jesse had a lot of fun at the station, and Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Lauren and Brittany were thinking about going to the house, and Lauren wanted to give a drink to Brittany
Then Joseph and Katie were working at the station, and Katie decided to give a kiss to Joseph
Afterwards Dustin and Anthony went to the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Charles and Danielle were working at the store. Danielle decided to give a ring to Charles
Then Adam and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Cody
Then, Cody and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Cody
After the lunch, Paul and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Lauren and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Lauren
Then Jennifer and Jonathan were thinking about going to the hospital, and Jennifer wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
Then Joshua and Erica were working at the station, and Joshua decided to give a necklace to Erica
After taking a long break Tiffany and Benjamin went to the hospital, Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Kimberly and Brandon had a lot of fun at the station, and Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Melissa and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Then Andrew and Gregory went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Brandon and Michael were thinking about going to the school, and Brandon wanted to give a drink to Michael
Then, Eric and Stephanie went to the garden. Eric gave a computer to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Megan and Tiffany went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch Paul and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Christina and Benjamin were working at the house, and Christina decided to give a snack to Benjamin
The local big station Vanessa and Tiffany went to had a basketball. Vanessa gave it to Tiffany
Then Brian and Christine went to the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Kristen and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Angela
Then, Cody and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Aaron said to Cody
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Jonathan got a snack at the hospital, Jennifer decided to give it to Jonathan
Then Ashley and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then John and Bradley had a long argument, and after that Bradley said to John
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Alexander were thinking about going to the house. Nicholas wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Then Rachel and Samuel were working at the station, and Rachel decided to give a ring to Samuel
Then Nicole and Paul were thinking about going to the hospital, and Nicole wanted to give a computer to Paul
Then Amber and Jeremy were working at the restaurant, and Jeremy decided to give a snack to Amber
After the lunch, Tiffany and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, Cody and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
Then Aaron and Jonathan went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
When soon afterwards James and Jessica got a computer at the store, James decided to give it to Jessica
Then, Erin and Charles had a long argument and after that Erin said to Charles
Then in the morning, Michael and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the station. Michael wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then Rebecca and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Rebecca
Then, Christopher and Brian had a long argument and after that Brian said to Christopher
Then Charles and Sarah were thinking about going to the garden, and Charles wanted to give a kiss to Sarah
Afterwards Anthony and Dustin went to the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Dustin and Anthony had a lot of fun at the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then Ryan and Samantha had a lot of fun at the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
The local big house Brandon and Angela went to had a computer. Brandon gave it to Angela
After the lunch Scott and Lindsey went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
After taking a long break Michelle and Joshua went to the office, Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Jamie and Paul were thinking about going to the school. Paul wanted to give a basketball to Jamie
Then in the morning, Andrew and Gregory had a lot of fun at the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
After the lunch, Joshua and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a drink to Joshua
After the lunch, Jennifer and Anthony went to the garden. Jennifer gave a drink to Anthony
When soon afterwards Nicholas and Christina got a basketball at the station, Nicholas decided to give the basketball to Christina
Then, Cody and Scott were working at the station. Scott decided to give a bone to Cody
After the lunch, Alicia and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Friends separated at birth Thomas and Megan found a basketball at the house. Thomas gave it to Megan
Then, Daniel and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
When soon afterwards Christopher and Timothy got a bone at the school, Christopher decided to give it to Timothy
Then, Michael and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Michael
Then Charles and Sarah had a long argument, and after that Charles said to Sarah
Afterwards Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant, and Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then Lauren and Ashley had a lot of fun at the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Afterwards, Ryan and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
After the lunch Cody and Gregory went to the hospital, and Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
Then, Angela and Bryan had a long argument and after that Bryan said to Angela
Then Nicholas and Paul went to the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards, Kimberly and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Samantha and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the store, and Samantha wanted to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Eric and Jason had a lot of fun at the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then Jeremy and Daniel had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Daniel
Then, Aaron and Jonathan were thinking about going to the store. Jonathan wanted to give a ring to Aaron
Then Joshua and Dustin went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Gregory and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school. Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then, Paul and Jennifer were thinking about going to the hospital. Jennifer wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Jamie and Sara had a lot of fun at the school. Jamie gave a basketball to Sara
While spending time together Melissa and Steven were commuting to the hospital, Melissa gave a computer to Steven
While spending time together Michael and Elizabeth were working at the station, Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
After the lunch Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
Then, Jennifer and Anthony were thinking about going to the garden. Jennifer wanted to give a drink to Anthony
Then, Nicholas and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
After the lunch, Jacob and Thomas went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to Thomas
After the lunch, Angela and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then David and Courtney were working at the hospital, and David decided to give a snack to Courtney
Afterwards Paul and Justin went to the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then, Christopher and Megan were thinking about going to the school. Christopher wanted to give a drink to Megan
Then, Scott and Kenneth were working at the school. Kenneth decided to give a bone to Scott
Afterwards, Kyle and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then, Stephen and Kristen were working at the garden. Kristen decided to give a necklace to Stephen
Afterwards Lauren and Travis went to the school, and Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Steven
Afterwards, while spending time together Kevin and Sara went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then, Benjamin and Robert were working at the office. Benjamin decided to give a drink to Robert
Then Thomas and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store, and Tiffany wanted to give a kiss to Thomas
Then, Tiffany and Nicole were working at the house. Nicole decided to give a kiss to Tiffany
Then, Erin and Joseph were working at the office. Erin decided to give a drink to Joseph
Then, Adam and Kimberly were thinking about going to the house. Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Then in the morning, Michael and Elizabeth were working at the station. Michael decided to give a ring to Elizabeth
The local big store Danielle and Steven went to had a necklace. Danielle gave it to Steven
After taking a long break Jennifer and Sean went to the store, Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Eric and Emily were working at the office. Eric decided to give a snack to Emily
Then, Dustin and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Dustin
Afterwards, Heather and Jamie went to the hospital. Heather gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Angela and Thomas had a lot of fun at the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Benjamin and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Travis and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Travis said to Jamie
Afterwards, Jessica and Kyle went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a snack to Kyle
Then, Kimberly and Sarah had a long argument and after that Sarah said to Kimberly
After the lunch, Brandon and Matthew went to the station. Brandon gave a drink to Matthew
After taking a long break Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital, Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Jennifer and Crystal were working at the hospital, and Crystal decided to give a basketball to Jennifer
Afterwards, Rebecca and David went to the garden. Rebecca gave a bone to David
Then, Nicole and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Afterwards, while spending time together Jeremy and Daniel went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Christine and Alexander had a long argument, and after that Christine said to Alexander
Then Dustin and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Then, Rebecca and David had a long argument. Afterwards Rebecca said to David
Then Shannon and Lauren were working at the house, and Lauren decided to give a ring to Shannon
Then Sean and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Angela said to Sean
Then, Jacob and Paul had a long argument and after that Jacob said to Paul
Then Scott and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Kenneth said to Scott
Then Lauren and Ashley went to the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then Dustin and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Courtney and Sean had a long argument and after that Sean said to Courtney
When soon afterwards Stephen and Samantha got a basketball at the hospital, Stephen decided to give the basketball to Samantha
Then, Travis and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Nicole were thinking about going to the station. Kenneth wanted to give a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards Shannon and Lauren went to the house, and Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
When soon afterwards Christine and Alexander got a snack at the hospital, Christine decided to give it to Alexander
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Jonathan were thinking about going to the hospital. Jennifer wanted to give a snack to Jonathan
After the lunch, Andrew and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
When soon afterwards Kevin and Sara got a bone at the station, Kevin decided to give the bone to Sara
Then in the morning afterwards, Nathan and William had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to William
After the lunch Samuel and Tiffany went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Michael and Rachel went to the garden, and Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then, Melissa and John were working at the garden. John decided to give a drink to Melissa
Then, Gregory and Samuel had a long argument. Afterwards Samuel said to Gregory
Afterwards, James and Heather went to the hospital. James gave a drink to Heather
Then, Angela and John were working at the garden. Angela decided to give a computer to John
Then Alicia and Danielle were working at the restaurant, and Alicia decided to give a computer to Danielle
Afterwards Kristen and Courtney went to the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Then Elizabeth and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards Aaron and Jonathan went to the store, and Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Vanessa said to Justin
Then, Matthew and Tiffany were thinking about going to the school. Tiffany wanted to give a computer to Matthew
When soon afterwards Stephen and Paul got a drink at the school, Stephen decided to give it to Paul
Then Danielle and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Steven
After the lunch, Alicia and Patrick went to the garden. Alicia gave a drink to Patrick
Afterwards, Benjamin and Robert went to the office. Benjamin gave a drink to Robert
Then, Stephen and John went to the garden. Stephen gave a bone to John
Then Courtney and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Courtney
Then, Vanessa and Ashley had a lot of fun at the school. Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Lauren and Katie were working at the school. Katie decided to give a basketball to Lauren
Then Kyle and Mary were working at the station, and Kyle decided to give a basketball to Mary
Then, Lauren and Travis had a long argument and after that Travis said to Lauren
Then Robert and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Robert
After the lunch, Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a bone to Courtney
While spending time together Ryan and Kyle were commuting to the hospital, Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then Paul and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Courtney and Amber were working at the restaurant. Amber decided to give a bone to Courtney
After the lunch, Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
Afterwards Jeremy and Lindsay went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Travis and Robert had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Travis
After the lunch Danielle and Steven went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Nicholas and Matthew were working at the station. Matthew decided to give a ring to Nicholas
Then Amanda and Laura went to the house, and Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Afterwards John and Allison went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a computer to John
After the lunch Brandon and Michael went to the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Alicia and James were working at the store, and Alicia decided to give a basketball to James
Then Emily and Cody went to the station, and Cody gave a kiss to Emily
Then Benjamin and Tiffany went to the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Joseph and Katie had a long argument, and afterwards Katie said to Joseph
Then Kyle and Ryan were thinking about going to the hospital, and Ryan wanted to give a ring to Kyle
After the lunch, Sara and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to Sara
While spending time together Paul and Tyler were working at the house, Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
After the lunch Nicole and Katie went to the station, and Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse were working at the station. Jesse decided to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then Amy and Emily had a lot of fun at the station, and Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then in the morning, Paul and Michelle were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a necklace to Michelle
Then Alicia and Andrea had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Alicia
Then, Lindsey and Rebecca were working at the house. Lindsey decided to give a bone to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Jose and Patrick were thinking about going to the garden. Jose wanted to give a drink to Patrick
Afterwards, David and Gregory went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
After the lunch, Eric and Alexander went to the hospital. Eric gave a bone to Alexander
Then Melissa and John were working at the garden, and John decided to give a drink to Melissa
The local big hospital Christine and Alexander went to had a snack. Christine gave it to Alexander
Then, William and Nathan had a long argument. Afterwards Nathan said to William
Afterwards, while spending time together Rachel and Samuel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Christina and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the office. Christina wanted to give a drink to Elizabeth
Then, Ashley and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then, Melissa and Jeremy were working at the store. Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Melissa
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Justin
Afterwards Cody and Aaron went to the garden, and Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then, William and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then, Sara and Amber were working at the office. Sara decided to give a basketball to Amber
Then in the morning, Joshua and Dustin were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then, Stephen and Amy had a lot of fun at the office. Stephen gave a ring to Amy
Then, Paul and Samuel were working at the store. Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Paul and Samuel were thinking about going to the store. Samuel wanted to give a kiss to Paul
Then, Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch in the afternoon, Michelle and Joshua went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then, Kristen and Courtney were thinking about going to the school. Courtney wanted to give a necklace to Kristen
Then, Cody and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital. Gregory gave a kiss to Cody
After the lunch, Erin and Charles went to the school. Erin gave a bone to Charles
Then Tiffany and Vanessa were working at the station, and Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Charles and Nicole went to the school, and Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Then Jason and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
After taking a long break Gregory and David went to the restaurant, Gregory gave a necklace to David
When soon afterwards Jeremy and Samuel got a basketball at the garden, Jeremy decided to give the basketball to Samuel
Then, Justin and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then Paul and Sean had a lot of fun at the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Stephen and Kristen had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Stephen
Then in the morning afterwards, Amanda and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Ryan
Then, Thomas and Tiffany were working at the store. Tiffany decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Then, Mary and Kyle were working at the station. Kyle decided to give a basketball to Mary
Then Jason and Kenneth went to the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then in the morning afterwards, Ryan and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Kyle
Then Timothy and Christopher had a lot of fun at the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then Kimberly and Brandon were thinking about going to the station, and Brandon wanted to give a necklace to Kimberly
When soon afterwards Paul and Nicholas got a computer at the hospital, Paul decided to give it to Nicholas
Then James and Jessica had a long argument, and after that James said to Jessica
Then, Christina and Nicholas were working at the station. Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Christina
After the lunch Tiffany and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Nathan and David went to the restaurant, and David gave a ring to Nathan
Then Ryan and Kyle were working at the hospital, and Ryan decided to give a ring to Kyle
Afterwards, Brian and Katie went to the restaurant. Brian gave a necklace to Katie
Then Jonathan and Aaron had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Aaron
Then in the morning, Samantha and Ryan were working at the station. Samantha decided to give a ring to Ryan
Then, Heather and Ashley had a lot of fun at the store. Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Cody and Scott had a long argument. Afterwards Scott said to Cody
After the lunch in the afternoon, Anthony and Dustin went to the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
When soon afterwards Lauren and Ashley got a computer at the store, Lauren decided to give the computer to Ashley
After taking a long break Paul and Jamie went to the school, Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Then Katherine and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Katherine
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Then, Gregory and Andrew were working at the house. Andrew decided to give a kiss to Gregory
After the lunch Jose and Lisa went to the hospital, and Jose gave a ring to Lisa
After the lunch Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Afterwards, Tiffany and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Danielle and Steven had a long argument, and after that Danielle said to Steven
Afterwards Crystal and Vanessa went to the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Afterwards Gregory and Andrew went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Benjamin and Christina were thinking about going to the house, and Christina wanted to give a snack to Benjamin
Then Kimberly and Kristen had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
Then Vanessa and Andrea were thinking about going to the school, and Andrea wanted to give a bone to Vanessa
Then Kenneth and Nicole were working at the station, and Kenneth decided to give a kiss to Nicole
After taking a long break Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden, Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
After the lunch in the afternoon, Bradley and John went to the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
When soon afterwards Jose and Patrick got a drink at the garden, Jose decided to give the drink to Patrick
Then Adam and Richard were thinking about going to the station, and Richard wanted to give a snack to Adam
Then in the morning, Sean and Eric were working at the garden. Sean decided to give a kiss to Eric
Then, Bradley and Alicia were working at the store. Alicia decided to give a kiss to Bradley
The local big house Thomas and Megan went to had a basketball. Thomas gave it to Megan
After the lunch, Jessica and Nathan went to the office. Jessica gave a drink to Nathan
Afterwards, Crystal and Kyle went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a kiss to Kyle
Friends separated at birth Jonathan and Steven found a kiss at the garden. Jonathan gave it to Steven
Then Christopher and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Christopher
Then, Timothy and Christopher were thinking about going to the school. Christopher wanted to give a bone to Timothy
Then Nicholas and Christina had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Christina
Then William and Nathan were thinking about going to the hospital, and Nathan wanted to give a kiss to William
After taking a long break Amanda and Nicole went to the house, Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Jason and Alicia had a lot of fun at the school. Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then Mary and Kyle were working at the station, and Kyle decided to give a basketball to Mary
Afterwards, Justin and Lindsey went to the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then, Samuel and Rachel had a long argument. Afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Afterwards, while spending time together Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Crystal had a lot of fun at the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then, Tiffany and Samuel had a lot of fun at the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Sean and Paul had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
When soon afterwards Danielle and Steven got a necklace at the store, Danielle decided to give the necklace to Steven
Then Sara and Kevin went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
After the lunch, Sara and Richard went to the restaurant. Sara gave a necklace to Richard
Then, Gregory and Jesse had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Jesse
Then, Melissa and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the store. Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Jessica and Nathan had a lot of fun at the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then Gregory and Samuel were thinking about going to the hospital, and Samuel wanted to give a ring to Gregory
Then, Lisa and Samuel had a lot of fun at the office. Lisa gave a drink to Samuel
Then in the morning, Jacob and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Jacob said to Kyle
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephen were working at the garden. Kristen decided to give a necklace to Stephen
After the lunch, Alicia and Nicole went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a bone to Nicole
After taking a long break Michael and Elizabeth went to the station, Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
After the lunch Rachel and Amber went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Eric and Aaron were thinking about going to the hospital. Aaron wanted to give a computer to Eric
Then, Timothy and Jacob had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Jacob
Then, Vanessa and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
While spending time together Brandon and Michael were working at the school, Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Robert and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Richard
While spending time together Robert and Richard were commuting to the office, Robert gave a kiss to Richard
After the lunch, Eric and Stephanie went to the garden. Eric gave a computer to Stephanie
Then in the morning, Ashley and Thomas went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Bradley and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store, and Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
Then, Samuel and Rachel were thinking about going to the station. Rachel wanted to give a ring to Samuel
Then Emily and Aaron had a lot of fun at the house, and Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Afterwards, Vanessa and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then Jason and Eric had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Jason
After the lunch Courtney and Amber went to the station, and Amber gave a snack to Courtney
Then Paul and Stephen had a lot of fun at the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
After the lunch, Eric and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
The local big garden Kristen and Stephen went to had a necklace. Kristen gave it to Stephen
After the lunch Katherine and Lindsey went to the garden, and Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Then in the morning, Cody and Kelly went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Joshua and Michelle were thinking about going to the office. Michelle wanted to give a ring to Joshua
After the lunch John and Elizabeth went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
After the lunch Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the garden, and Elizabeth gave a computer to Jonathan
Then, Scott and Allison had a long argument. Afterwards Scott said to Allison
Then Cody and Kelly were thinking about going to the office, and Cody wanted to give a snack to Kelly
After the lunch, Samantha and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then, Scott and Allison were working at the school. Scott decided to give a computer to Allison
When soon afterwards Matthew and Jesse got a kiss at the house, Matthew decided to give it to Jesse
Then Andrea and Vanessa were working at the school, and Andrea decided to give a bone to Vanessa
Then, Alexander and Jamie had a lot of fun at the school. Alexander gave a bone to Jamie
Then Tiffany and Kenneth had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then, Nathan and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
Then, Paul and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Charles and Danielle were thinking about going to the store, and Danielle wanted to give a ring to Charles
Then in the morning afterwards, Christine and Alexander had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Alexander
After the lunch, Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Brandon and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Matthew
Then, Joseph and Katie had a lot of fun at the station. Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Jennifer and Sean went to the store, and Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Nathan and Jessica were thinking about going to the school. Jessica wanted to give a ring to Nathan
Afterwards, Katherine and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
Then, Lisa and Samuel were thinking about going to the office. Lisa wanted to give a drink to Samuel
Then, Scott and Allison had a long argument and after that Scott said to Allison
Then Thomas and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Thomas
Then, Amy and Emily were working at the station. Emily decided to give a bone to Amy
After the lunch, Paul and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Cody and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Gregory said to Cody
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Elizabeth
The local big house Kimberly and Adam went to had a basketball. Kimberly gave it to Adam
Then Tiffany and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Tyler and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Afterwards Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Afterwards, Mary and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch, Crystal and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Jeremy and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Samuel went to the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Afterwards, Gregory and Jesse went to the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Jesse
When soon afterwards Jonathan and Steven got a kiss at the garden, Jonathan decided to give it to Steven
Then Justin and Lindsey went to the school, and Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then, Jennifer and Christopher were working at the garden. Christopher decided to give a snack to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
After the lunch, Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then, David and Gregory were working at the restaurant. Gregory decided to give a necklace to David
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicholas and Alexander went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Erin and Charles were working at the school. Erin decided to give a bone to Charles
Then Angela and Samuel were thinking about going to the garden, and Samuel wanted to give a computer to Angela
Then Courtney and Sean were working at the office, and Sean decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, James and Alicia had a lot of fun at the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store, and Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Brian and Christopher had a long argument, and after that Brian said to Christopher
Then in the morning afterwards, Matthew and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Then Timothy and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Timothy
Then, Ryan and Samantha went to the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Lauren and Ashley went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then Samantha and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Dustin and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
After the lunch Heather and Ashley went to the store, and Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Then Anthony and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to Dustin
Then, Gregory and Nathan were thinking about going to the school. Nathan wanted to give a basketball to Gregory
Then Kristen and Courtney were thinking about going to the school, and Courtney wanted to give a necklace to Kristen
Then John and Allison had a long argument, and after that Allison said to John
Then, Patrick and Brittany had a long argument and after that Patrick said to Brittany
Then Jeremy and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Samuel
Then Travis and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Jamie
Then, Gregory and Jesse had a lot of fun at the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Jesse
Then in the morning, Rachel and Samuel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Adam and Richard had a long argument and after that Richard said to Adam
Then Amy and Emily were working at the station, and Emily decided to give a bone to Amy
Then Christina and Nicholas went to the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Cody and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to Cody
Then, Tiffany and Samuel were thinking about going to the store. Samuel wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Nathan and Jessica went to the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then Angela and Samuel went to the garden, and Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, Amanda and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Nicole
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital, and Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then Kimberly and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden, and Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then Sarah and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then in the morning, Joshua and Anthony had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Anthony
Friends separated at birth Megan and Tiffany found a necklace at the school. Megan gave it to Tiffany
Then Paul and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Paul
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany were working at the restaurant. Tiffany decided to give a bone to Rebecca
The local big station Kenneth and Nicole went to had a kiss. Kenneth gave it to Nicole
Then, Lindsay and Shannon were thinking about going to the house. Shannon wanted to give a basketball to Lindsay
Friends separated at birth Kimberly and Adam found a basketball at the house. Kimberly gave it to Adam
Then, Jamie and Sara were working at the school. Jamie decided to give a basketball to Sara
While spending time together Anthony and Dustin were commuting to the house, Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Paul and Charles had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a bone to Charles
Afterwards, while spending time together Jose and Patrick went to the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
While spending time together Christine and Alexander were commuting to the hospital, Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Afterwards, Kimberly and Tyler went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to Tyler
Then Stephen and Stephanie went to the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then Gregory and Nathan were working at the school, and Nathan decided to give a basketball to Gregory
Then Vanessa and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Kyle said to Vanessa
Then Angela and Thomas were working at the station, and Thomas decided to give a snack to Angela
After the lunch, Lindsey and Shannon went to the school. Lindsey gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Samantha and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital, and Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Melissa and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Melissa
Then, Cody and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then, Andrew and Charles had a long argument and after that Andrew said to Charles
While spending time together James and Jessica were working at the store, James gave a computer to Jessica
Then in the morning, Jamie and Kenneth were working at the office. Jamie decided to give a ring to Kenneth
Then in the morning, David and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards David said to Courtney
Then in the morning, Jamie and Kenneth went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Courtney and David were working at the hospital, and David decided to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Michael and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden. Michael gave a drink to Aaron
Friends separated at birth Paul and Sean found a snack at the office. Paul gave it to Sean
When soon afterwards Vanessa and Justin got a necklace at the school, Vanessa decided to give it to Justin
Afterwards Travis and Jamie went to the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards, Amber and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Amber
Then, James and Alicia were thinking about going to the store. Alicia wanted to give a basketball to James
Friends separated at birth Jamie and Mary found a ring at the garden. Jamie gave it to Mary
After the lunch, Jessica and Brittany went to the school. Jessica gave a snack to Brittany
Then Sean and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Sean
Then, Scott and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then in the morning, Samuel and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Tiffany and Megan were working at the school, and Megan decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch, Angela and John went to the garden. Angela gave a computer to John
After the lunch, Sean and Joseph went to the school. Sean gave a bone to Joseph
After taking a long break Ashley and Thomas went to the school, Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then Eric and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a ring to Eric
After the lunch, Kimberly and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
Afterwards, Ashley and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Friends separated at birth Jeremy and Samuel found a basketball at the garden. Jeremy gave it to Samuel
Then, Brittany and Lauren had a lot of fun at the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Alicia and Nicole had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Alicia gave a bone to Nicole
Then in the morning afterwards, Jose and Lisa had a long argument. Afterwards Jose said to Lisa
Afterwards, Samuel and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
When soon afterwards Samuel and Paul got a kiss at the store, Samuel decided to give it to Paul
Afterwards, Courtney and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a bone to Courtney
After the lunch, Jennifer and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Elizabeth and William had a lot of fun at the garden. William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then Joshua and Anthony were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a computer to Anthony
After taking a long break Lindsey and Scott went to the office, Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, James and Heather were thinking about going to the hospital. James wanted to give a drink to Heather
Then, Andrew and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Andrew said to Charles
Then Amy and Emily had a long argument, and after that Emily said to Amy
Then Ryan and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then, Adam and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
After the lunch in the afternoon, Matthew and Jesse went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Patrick and Jose had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Patrick
The local big office Jamie and Kenneth went to had a ring. Jamie gave it to Kenneth
Then, Jeremy and Jamie had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Jeremy
Then Alicia and Danielle had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then Nicholas and Matthew went to the station, and Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
Then, Emily and Michael had a lot of fun at the hospital. Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Kenneth and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Paul and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Justin
After the lunch, Mary and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then Elizabeth and Michael were working at the station, and Michael decided to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Sara and Amber had a lot of fun at the office. Sara gave a basketball to Amber
Then Sarah and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to Sarah
Afterwards, Eric and Alexander went to the hospital. Eric gave a bone to Alexander
After taking a long break Kristen and Stephen went to the garden, Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then, Kevin and John had a long argument. Afterwards Kevin said to John
Then, Nicole and Amanda had a lot of fun at the house. Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then, Scott and Kenneth had a long argument and after that Kenneth said to Scott
Then Brian and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to Christopher
Then Jose and Lisa had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Lisa
Then Andrew and William had a lot of fun at the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Then Bryan and Jeffrey were working at the school, and Jeffrey decided to give a kiss to Bryan
Then Stephen and Paul went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Elizabeth and Samantha were working at the store, and Samantha decided to give a snack to Elizabeth
Then Alicia and Tiffany had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Alicia
Then, Tyler and Thomas were working at the hospital. Thomas decided to give a snack to Tyler
Then, Tiffany and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Tiffany
Then Michael and Rachel had a long argument, and after that Rachel said to Michael
Afterwards, Thomas and Tiffany went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards Cody and Adam went to the office, and Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then in the morning, Christopher and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
After the lunch in the afternoon, Stephen and Paul went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Amanda and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Ryan
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Vanessa and Kyle had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Vanessa
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth were working at the store. Elizabeth decided to give a kiss to Tyler
Then Scott and Thomas were thinking about going to the school, and Thomas wanted to give a basketball to Scott
Afterwards, Vanessa and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
When soon afterwards Kyle and Mary got a basketball at the station, Kyle decided to give the basketball to Mary
Then Steven and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then Anthony and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Michael and Brandon were working at the school, and Brandon decided to give a drink to Michael
When soon afterwards Alicia and James got a basketball at the store, Alicia decided to give the basketball to James
Then, Brandon and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Jamie
Afterwards Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Jeremy and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Scott and Nicole were thinking about going to the station. Scott wanted to give a bone to Nicole
After the lunch Joshua and Erica went to the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then, Nicole and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Nicole
While spending time together Nicholas and Alexander were working at the house, Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Ryan and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Ryan
Then in the morning, Bradley and John were working at the house. Bradley decided to give a computer to John
After the lunch Kimberly and Brandon went to the station, and Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Afterwards Kimberly and Melissa went to the garden, and Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
When soon afterwards Elizabeth and Tyler got a kiss at the store, Elizabeth decided to give the kiss to Tyler
While spending time together Paul and Jamie were commuting to the school, Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
Friends separated at birth James and Jessica found a computer at the store. James gave it to Jessica
Then, Melissa and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Friends separated at birth Sean and Eric found a kiss at the garden. Sean gave it to Eric
Then, Charles and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the store. Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
Afterwards Andrew and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
Then, Aaron and Jesse went to the station. Aaron gave a computer to Jesse
Then Amanda and Nicole had a lot of fun at the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
While spending time together Christopher and Timothy were working at the school, Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
After the lunch, Lisa and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Ryan and Amy had a lot of fun at the station. Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Then Andrew and Gregory had a long argument, and after that Andrew said to Gregory
Then, David and Gregory were thinking about going to the restaurant. Gregory wanted to give a necklace to David
The local big house Paul and Tyler went to had a snack. Paul gave it to Tyler
Then Courtney and Sean went to the office, and Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Then Adam and Kimberly were thinking about going to the house, and Kimberly wanted to give a basketball to Adam
Afterwards, Brian and Charles went to the school. Brian gave a bone to Charles
Then, Jason and Erin went to the garden. Jason gave a snack to Erin
After the lunch Steven and Melissa went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then, Stephanie and Aaron had a long argument and after that Stephanie said to Aaron
Then, Matthew and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Then, Gregory and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then, Katherine and Lindsey were thinking about going to the garden. Lindsey wanted to give a bone to Katherine
Then, Cody and Scott had a lot of fun at the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then, Danielle and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Danielle
After the lunch, Jonathan and Robert went to the house. Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
After the lunch, Patrick and Brittany went to the house. Patrick gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Angela and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the station. Angela gave a computer to Jeremy
Then in the morning, Joshua and Sean had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a drink to Sean
After the lunch in the afternoon, Amanda and Ryan went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Friends separated at birth Samuel and Tiffany found a basketball at the store. Samuel gave it to Tiffany
Then, Joshua and Michelle had a long argument and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then in the morning, Amber and Rachel went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Erica and Eric had a long argument and after that Erica said to Eric
Then, Elizabeth and John were working at the house. John decided to give a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
While spending time together Michael and Elizabeth were commuting to the station, Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Emily and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Emily
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Aaron were thinking about going to the store. Jonathan wanted to give a ring to Aaron
Then in the morning, Christopher and Timothy went to the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then Melissa and John had a long argument, and afterwards John said to Melissa
Then in the morning, Nicole and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Kyle and Bradley had a long argument and after that Kyle said to Bradley
Then, Jonathan and Anthony had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a kiss to Anthony
The local big garden William and Andrew went to had a snack. William gave it to Andrew
Then Amanda and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
When soon afterwards Danielle and Steven got a necklace at the store, Danielle decided to give it to Steven
After the lunch Kristen and Courtney went to the school, and Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Then, Amber and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Amber
While spending time together Kyle and Mary were working at the station, Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Cody and Scott had a long argument and after that Scott said to Cody
Then Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then in the morning, James and Jessica had a lot of fun at the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
Afterwards Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital, and Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Afterwards Kimberly and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a computer to Kimberly
Then, Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Afterwards Samuel and Rachel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
After the lunch, Kenneth and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Timothy and Christopher had a long argument and after that Christopher said to Timothy
The local big house Vanessa and Crystal went to had a ring. Vanessa gave it to Crystal
After the lunch Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Paul and Nicole were thinking about going to the hospital. Nicole wanted to give a computer to Paul
Afterwards, Steven and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Ryan and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kenneth and Nicole went to the station. Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Christina and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the station, and Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
After the lunch Melissa and Lindsey went to the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
After the lunch Timothy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Patrick gave a basketball to Timothy
Then, Angela and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a computer to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, Kenneth and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Kenneth said to Tiffany
Then Cody and Scott went to the station, and Scott gave a bone to Cody
After the lunch Sarah and Charles went to the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Andrew and William had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Andrew
Then Benjamin and Christina were working at the house, and Christina decided to give a snack to Benjamin
While spending time together Joshua and Dustin were working at the station, Joshua gave a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Amber and Rachel were working at the garden. Amber decided to give a necklace to Rachel
Then, Kenneth and Jason went to the house. Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then, Patrick and Jose were working at the garden. Jose decided to give a drink to Patrick
After the lunch Robert and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Justin were working at the school. Lindsey decided to give a snack to Justin
Then Samantha and Ryan were working at the station, and Samantha decided to give a ring to Ryan
Then Scott and Travis were working at the restaurant, and Travis decided to give a necklace to Scott
Then, Thomas and Amber went to the house. Thomas gave a kiss to Amber
Afterwards, Erin and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
Then Melissa and Matthew went to the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then in the morning, Thomas and Megan were working at the house. Thomas decided to give a basketball to Megan
Then, Brittany and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then, Eric and Sean were working at the garden. Sean decided to give a kiss to Eric
Then Scott and Lindsey had a long argument, and afterwards Lindsey said to Scott
Then, Thomas and Amber had a lot of fun at the house. Thomas gave a kiss to Amber
Afterwards, Scott and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Kimberly and Tyler had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Tyler
Afterwards, Cody and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then in the morning afterwards, Lindsey and Scott had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Scott
Then in the morning afterwards, Tiffany and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Thomas
Then, Samantha and Thomas were working at the restaurant. Samantha decided to give a bone to Thomas
Then William and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to William
Afterwards, Christina and Elizabeth went to the office. Christina gave a drink to Elizabeth
Afterwards, while spending time together Stephen and Paul went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Jamie and Mary had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
After the lunch, Gregory and Erin went to the house. Gregory gave a bone to Erin
When soon afterwards William and Andrew got a snack at the garden, William decided to give it to Andrew
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kimberly and Adam went to the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then, Lindsey and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a ring to Lindsey
When soon afterwards Matthew and Melissa got a snack at the office, Matthew decided to give it to Melissa
Then, Benjamin and Christina had a long argument and after that Christina said to Benjamin
Then, Jesse and Emily had a long argument and after that Emily said to Jesse
After the lunch Christine and Alexander went to the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Vanessa and Justin were thinking about going to the school, and Vanessa wanted to give a necklace to Justin
Then Jesse and Allison went to the office, and Allison gave a drink to Jesse
Then Vanessa and Justin went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Afterwards, Jennifer and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
Then Sean and Angela were thinking about going to the office, and Angela wanted to give a ring to Sean
Afterwards, Jason and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a snack to Jason
While spending time together Joshua and Sean were working at the station, Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then, Amy and Emily were thinking about going to the station. Emily wanted to give a bone to Amy
Then Timothy and Christopher had a long argument, and after that Christopher said to Timothy
Then, Cody and Adam were working at the office. Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then Jeremy and Daniel had a lot of fun at the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Jonathan got a snack at the hospital, Jennifer decided to give the snack to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Stephen and Paul went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, Tyler and Christine were working at the hospital. Tyler decided to give a basketball to Christine
Then, Angela and Bryan had a lot of fun at the house. Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Then Paul and Jamie went to the school, and Paul gave a basketball to Jamie
While spending time together Lindsay and Jeremy were commuting to the hospital, Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Amanda and Nicole went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Crystal went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Mary and Kyle had a lot of fun at the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Tyler and Ryan had a long argument. Afterwards Ryan said to Tyler
Then, Lisa and Samuel had a long argument and after that Lisa said to Samuel
Afterwards, Elizabeth and John went to the house. John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Jessica and Kyle were thinking about going to the restaurant. Jessica wanted to give a snack to Kyle
Afterwards Amanda and Shannon went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Brian and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Sean
While spending time together Samantha and Elizabeth were commuting to the store, Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards James and Jessica went to the store, and James gave a computer to Jessica
Then Megan and Sara were working at the hospital, and Sara decided to give a snack to Megan
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
The local big restaurant Gregory and David went to had a necklace. Gregory gave it to David
The local big house Anthony and Dustin went to had a basketball. Anthony gave it to Dustin
Then in the morning, Thomas and Angela went to the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Charles and Sarah were working at the garden, and Charles decided to give a kiss to Sarah
Then Michelle and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Stephanie gave a computer to Michelle
After taking a long break Brian and Christopher went to the station, Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Jeremy and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Daniel
Then Michael and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then Eric and Jason were thinking about going to the house, and Eric wanted to give a snack to Jason
Then, Gregory and Tyler were working at the restaurant. Tyler decided to give a ring to Gregory
Then, Kristen and Michael had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Michael
While spending time together Charles and Sarah were commuting to the garden, Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Afterwards Paul and Tyler went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Nicole and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Paul
Then, Andrea and Scott were thinking about going to the restaurant. Andrea wanted to give a drink to Scott
Then, David and John had a lot of fun at the station. David gave a snack to John
Then Ryan and Kyle had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Courtney and Sean had a lot of fun at the office. Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Afterwards, John and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a computer to John
Then, Amanda and Stephanie had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Amanda
Then, Kyle and Ryan had a lot of fun at the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Christina were working at the station. Nicholas decided to give a basketball to Christina
Afterwards, while spending time together Amy and Patrick went to the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Amber and Stephen had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Amber
The local big station Joshua and Erica went to had a necklace. Joshua gave it to Erica
Then Christina and Daniel were thinking about going to the house, and Daniel wanted to give a computer to Christina
Then, Shannon and Patrick had a long argument and after that Patrick said to Shannon
Then Anthony and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Afterwards Vanessa and Andrea went to the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Afterwards, Elizabeth and Brian went to the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Brian
Then, Kyle and Laura were thinking about going to the hospital. Kyle wanted to give a necklace to Laura
Afterwards, Gregory and Erin went to the house. Gregory gave a bone to Erin
Afterwards Justin and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then in the morning, William and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Andrew
Then Courtney and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Sean said to Courtney
Then, Lauren and Travis were working at the school. Travis decided to give a ring to Lauren
Afterwards Eric and Aaron went to the hospital, and Aaron gave a computer to Eric
Then, Jesse and Lauren had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Jesse
The local big garden Jonathan and Steven went to had a kiss. Jonathan gave it to Steven
Then, Ashley and Lauren had a long argument and after that Lauren said to Ashley
Then Tiffany and Kenneth were thinking about going to the office, and Kenneth wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch, Jessica and James went to the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
Afterwards, Rachel and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Paul and Michelle had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Michelle
Then in the morning, Joshua and Anthony had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then Rachel and Amber had a long argument, and after that Amber said to Rachel
Then, Sara and Eric were working at the office. Eric decided to give a drink to Sara
After the lunch Tiffany and Thomas went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
After taking a long break Lauren and Ashley went to the store, Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then in the morning, Jamie and Kenneth were thinking about going to the office. Jamie wanted to give a ring to Kenneth
Then Jamie and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Jamie
Then, Adam and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Angela
After the lunch, Ryan and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then Scott and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Scott
Afterwards, Samantha and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then in the morning, Bradley and John had a long argument, and afterwards Bradley said to John
After the lunch, Robert and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then Jason and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Eric said to Jason
Afterwards Erica and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Afterwards Nicholas and Alexander went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then in the morning afterwards, Jonathan and Steven had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Steven
Then, Sean and Paul were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a snack to Sean
Then in the morning afterwards, Vanessa and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Justin
Then Timothy and Christopher went to the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Afterwards, Heather and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Then Matthew and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Then Kevin and Sara were working at the station, and Kevin decided to give a bone to Sara
Then, Travis and Robert were thinking about going to the hospital. Robert wanted to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Jamie and Sara had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Sara
After the lunch Jeremy and Daniel went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then, Anthony and Christopher were working at the garden. Anthony decided to give a computer to Christopher
Then, Michael and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to John
While spending time together Jeremy and Daniel were commuting to the house, Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards Steven and Danielle went to the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, John and Bradley were thinking about going to the house. Bradley wanted to give a computer to John
Afterwards, Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
After the lunch in the afternoon, Nicholas and Christina went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then in the morning afterwards, Vanessa and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then, Kimberly and Cody had a long argument and after that Kimberly said to Cody
After the lunch, Stephanie and Melissa went to the garden. Stephanie gave a ring to Melissa
Friends separated at birth Scott and Cody found a bone at the station. Scott gave it to Cody
Then Matthew and Tiffany were thinking about going to the school, and Tiffany wanted to give a computer to Matthew
Then Cody and Aaron went to the garden, and Aaron gave a drink to Cody
Then, Kelly and Cody had a lot of fun at the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
After the lunch, Katherine and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
Then, Angela and Bryan were working at the house. Bryan decided to give a bone to Angela
Then, Gregory and Erin had a lot of fun at the house. Gregory gave a bone to Erin
Then Bradley and John were working at the house, and Bradley decided to give a computer to John
Then Andrea and Vanessa went to the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then in the morning afterwards, Stephen and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Samantha
Then, Lindsey and Rebecca went to the house. Lindsey gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch, Eric and Emily went to the office. Eric gave a snack to Emily
Then Travis and Robert were working at the hospital, and Robert decided to give a necklace to Travis
After the lunch Melissa and Jeremy went to the store, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Kimberly and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Melissa said to Kimberly
Then, Elizabeth and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Jamie and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Jamie
After the lunch, Adam and Angela went to the store. Adam gave a kiss to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Joshua and Erica went to the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then, Jason and Erin had a lot of fun at the garden. Jason gave a snack to Erin
After the lunch in the afternoon, Alicia and James went to the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
After the lunch, Christina and Vanessa went to the store. Christina gave a snack to Vanessa
Then Brandon and Michael had a long argument, and after that Brandon said to Michael
While spending time together Andrea and Alicia were commuting to the restaurant, Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then Michael and Brandon had a lot of fun at the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Kenneth and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Jamie said to Kenneth
Friends separated at birth Samantha and Elizabeth found a snack at the store. Samantha gave it to Elizabeth
Then Christine and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Brian
After the lunch Benjamin and Tiffany went to the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Samuel and Tiffany were thinking about going to the store, and Samuel wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Charles and Sarah had a lot of fun at the garden, and Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Christina and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Gregory and Tyler had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Gregory
Then in the morning, Samantha and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Elizabeth
Friends separated at birth Jennifer and Paul found a kiss at the hospital. Jennifer gave it to Paul
After the lunch Anthony and Richard went to the school, and Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then Erica and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Erica
Then, Rachel and Timothy had a long argument and after that Timothy said to Rachel
Then, Paul and Samuel had a long argument and after that Samuel said to Paul
After the lunch, Lauren and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a ring to Lauren
After the lunch Benjamin and Paul went to the station, and Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Lauren and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Lauren
When soon afterwards Paul and Justin got a bone at the house, Paul decided to give it to Justin
Afterwards, Lindsey and Shannon went to the school. Lindsey gave a basketball to Shannon
Then, Kevin and John went to the school. Kevin gave a bone to John
Then, Jamie and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house. Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
Then in the morning, Brian and Christopher were thinking about going to the station. Brian wanted to give a necklace to Christopher
Then Lindsey and Thomas were thinking about going to the garden, and Thomas wanted to give a ring to Lindsey
Then Kenneth and Jamie were thinking about going to the office, and Jamie wanted to give a ring to Kenneth
Then Jonathan and Steven had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then Sarah and Charles had a long argument, and after that Charles said to Sarah
After the lunch, Stephen and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then, Lindsey and Anthony had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Anthony
Then, Stephen and John were thinking about going to the garden. Stephen wanted to give a bone to John
Then, Erin and Joseph had a long argument. Afterwards Erin said to Joseph
Then Gregory and Andrew were working at the house, and Andrew decided to give a kiss to Gregory
When soon afterwards Samantha and Elizabeth got a snack at the store, Samantha decided to give the snack to Elizabeth
Then, Shannon and Lauren had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Shannon
Then Justin and Lindsey were working at the school, and Lindsey decided to give a snack to Justin
After the lunch Daniel and Jeremy went to the house, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then in the morning, Nicole and Paul were working at the hospital. Nicole decided to give a computer to Paul
Then Brian and Christine had a lot of fun at the store, and Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Justin and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Justin
When soon afterwards Jeffrey and Bryan got a kiss at the school, Jeffrey decided to give the kiss to Bryan
Then Shannon and Amanda were thinking about going to the store, and Shannon wanted to give a drink to Amanda
Then Jamie and Kenneth went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Alicia and Brian were thinking about going to the school. Alicia wanted to give a bone to Brian
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jennifer and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then Andrea and Vanessa had a lot of fun at the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then, Lisa and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then, Sara and Daniel were thinking about going to the station. Sara wanted to give a kiss to Daniel
Afterwards, while spending time together Joshua and Anthony went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
After the lunch, Timothy and Jacob went to the school. Timothy gave a bone to Jacob
Then Jose and Patrick were thinking about going to the garden, and Jose wanted to give a drink to Patrick
After the lunch Nathan and William went to the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then Charles and Lindsay had a lot of fun at the store, and Lindsay gave a drink to Charles
After the lunch Thomas and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Afterwards, Sean and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
The local big school Ashley and Thomas went to had a drink. Ashley gave it to Thomas
Then Nathan and Jessica were working at the school, and Jessica decided to give a ring to Nathan
Then in the morning, Kyle and Mary were working at the station. Kyle decided to give a basketball to Mary
Then, Benjamin and Christina were working at the house. Christina decided to give a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Brandon and Angela had a lot of fun at the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Afterwards, Timothy and Bradley went to the school. Timothy gave a snack to Bradley
Then Christopher and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
While spending time together John and Elizabeth were working at the house, John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Nicole and Amanda were working at the house, and Amanda decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then, Elizabeth and Michael were thinking about going to the station. Michael wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Brandon and Angela were working at the house. Brandon decided to give a computer to Angela
Friends separated at birth Stephen and Paul found a drink at the school. Stephen gave it to Paul
After the lunch, Daniel and Jeremy went to the house. Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Elizabeth and William had a long argument, and after that William said to Elizabeth
Then, Nicholas and Matthew had a long argument. Afterwards Matthew said to Nicholas
Friends separated at birth Jonathan and Aaron found a ring at the store. Jonathan gave it to Aaron
Then Sara and Kevin were working at the station, and Kevin decided to give a bone to Sara
After the lunch Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Shannon and Amanda were working at the store. Shannon decided to give a drink to Amanda
Afterwards Michael and Brandon went to the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then Lindsay and Shannon had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Lindsay
After the lunch Stephen and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
After the lunch Vanessa and Andrea went to the school, and Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
Then James and Alicia were thinking about going to the store, and Alicia wanted to give a basketball to James
Then Alicia and Tiffany were working at the store, and Tiffany decided to give a snack to Alicia
Then, Eric and Alexander had a lot of fun at the hospital. Eric gave a bone to Alexander
Afterwards, Kimberly and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
After the lunch Paul and Michelle went to the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Patrick and Jose had a long argument and after that Jose said to Patrick
After the lunch Lindsey and Scott went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Christopher and Timothy had a lot of fun at the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Then Paul and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Jamie
Then, Daniel and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Daniel
Then, Gregory and Andrew had a lot of fun at the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Adam and Kimberly had a lot of fun at the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then Samantha and Ryan had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Ryan
Then Samuel and Tiffany were working at the store, and Samuel decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Brittany and Lauren had a long argument, and after that Lauren said to Brittany
Afterwards, Erin and Joseph went to the office. Erin gave a drink to Joseph
Then, Amanda and Laura had a long argument and after that Laura said to Amanda
Then Samuel and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Tiffany
After the lunch, Kevin and Amy went to the school. Kevin gave a basketball to Amy
When soon afterwards Stephen and Samantha got a basketball at the hospital, Stephen decided to give it to Samantha
Then Crystal and Katie had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Then Andrew and Gregory were working at the house, and Andrew decided to give a kiss to Gregory
After the lunch Elizabeth and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Afterwards Adam and Kimberly went to the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then Crystal and Katie were working at the hospital, and Katie decided to give a drink to Crystal
Friends separated at birth Charles and Sarah found a kiss at the garden. Charles gave it to Sarah
Then, Andrew and William had a long argument and after that William said to Andrew
After taking a long break Christine and Brian went to the store, Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Eric and Emily went to the store. Eric gave a necklace to Emily
Then, Stephen and Amy were thinking about going to the office. Stephen wanted to give a ring to Amy
After taking a long break Samuel and Paul went to the store, Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then Cody and Aaron had a lot of fun at the garden, and Aaron gave a drink to Cody
After the lunch, Scott and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then, Jamie and Travis were thinking about going to the school. Travis wanted to give a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning afterwards, Charles and Sarah had a long argument. Afterwards Charles said to Sarah
After the lunch, Katherine and Thomas went to the station. Katherine gave a computer to Thomas
Then, Crystal and Kyle were thinking about going to the restaurant. Crystal wanted to give a kiss to Kyle
Then, Anthony and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Anthony said to Christopher
Then Jesse and Allison had a lot of fun at the office, and Allison gave a drink to Jesse
Then, Jamie and Travis had a lot of fun at the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Then in the morning afterwards, Kristen and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Kristen said to Stephen
After the lunch Kevin and Sara went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Afterwards Vanessa and Justin went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then Bryan and Jeffrey had a long argument, and after that Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then in the morning, Michael and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then, Gregory and Jesse were working at the hospital. Gregory decided to give a snack to Jesse
Then in the morning, Travis and Jamie had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Jamie
Then in the morning, Paul and Justin had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Justin
Then, Crystal and Katie were thinking about going to the hospital. Katie wanted to give a drink to Crystal
Then Alicia and Andrea went to the restaurant, and Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then Angela and Adam had a long argument, and afterwards Adam said to Angela
Then John and Allison went to the restaurant, and Allison gave a computer to John
Then in the morning afterwards, Lauren and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then Elizabeth and Tyler were working at the store, and Elizabeth decided to give a kiss to Tyler
When soon afterwards Lindsey and Scott got a snack at the office, Lindsey decided to give the snack to Scott
Then Melissa and Matthew were working at the office, and Matthew decided to give a snack to Melissa
After the lunch, Kristen and Angela went to the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Angela
Then Heather and Joshua were thinking about going to the house, and Joshua wanted to give a basketball to Heather
After the lunch Kenneth and Jamie went to the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Lauren and Amanda had a long argument and after that Amanda said to Lauren
Afterwards, Kimberly and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden, and Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then, Dustin and Anthony were thinking about going to the house. Anthony wanted to give a basketball to Dustin
Then, Kimberly and Cody had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Kimberly gave a kiss to Cody
Then Sarah and Charles were thinking about going to the garden, and Charles wanted to give a kiss to Sarah
Then, Jennifer and Anthony had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Anthony
While spending time together Brandon and Angela were working at the house, Brandon gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch Dustin and Anthony went to the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Scott and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Scott
Then Steven and Danielle were working at the store, and Danielle decided to give a necklace to Steven
When soon afterwards Paul and Jamie got a basketball at the school, Paul decided to give the basketball to Jamie
Afterwards, Lisa and Samuel went to the office. Lisa gave a drink to Samuel
Afterwards, while spending time together Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Tyler and Paul had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Tyler
Then in the morning, Amanda and Nicole were working at the house. Amanda decided to give a ring to Nicole
Afterwards, Jessica and Brittany went to the school. Jessica gave a snack to Brittany
Then, Jonathan and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Jonathan
Then, Erin and Brittany had a lot of fun at the school. Brittany gave a ring to Erin
While spending time together Samuel and Tiffany were commuting to the store, Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards, Aaron and Jesse went to the station. Aaron gave a computer to Jesse
Then in the morning, Samantha and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Then Brandon and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Brandon said to Michael
Afterwards, Alexander and Christine went to the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
When soon afterwards Brian and Christopher got a necklace at the station, Brian decided to give the necklace to Christopher
Then, Andrea and Joshua were working at the store. Andrea decided to give a necklace to Joshua
Then in the morning afterwards, James and Jessica had a long argument. Afterwards James said to Jessica
Then, Melissa and Amy were working at the office. Amy decided to give a bone to Melissa
Then, Tyler and Thomas had a long argument and after that Thomas said to Tyler
Then Stephen and Paul had a lot of fun at the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then, Heather and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Heather said to Jamie
While spending time together Tiffany and Rebecca were commuting to the restaurant, Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch in the afternoon, David and Courtney went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
While spending time together Jamie and Mary were commuting to the garden, Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Afterwards, Sean and Joseph went to the school. Sean gave a bone to Joseph
Then Bradley and Alicia had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Bradley
Then Thomas and Ashley were working at the school, and Ashley decided to give a drink to Thomas
Then, Angela and Thomas were thinking about going to the station. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Angela
Then Jeremy and Lindsay were working at the hospital, and Lindsay decided to give a kiss to Jeremy
Then Gregory and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Tyler said to Gregory
Afterwards, Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Stephen and Paul had a lot of fun at the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Paul and Tyler went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Scott and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Scott said to Cody
Then, Nicole and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Then Scott and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Thomas said to Scott
Then Jennifer and Dustin had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Dustin
Then Nicole and Kenneth were thinking about going to the station, and Kenneth wanted to give a kiss to Nicole
Then, Sean and Angela had a long argument and after that Angela said to Sean
Then, Ryan and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
While spending time together Vanessa and Crystal were commuting to the house, Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then in the morning, Kimberly and Adam had a lot of fun at the house. Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then Paul and Nicholas had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then Michelle and Stephanie had a long argument, and after that Stephanie said to Michelle
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Rebecca had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Rebecca
Then in the morning, Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then Lauren and Ashley were thinking about going to the store, and Lauren wanted to give a computer to Ashley
Then in the morning, Sean and Eric went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Afterwards Michelle and Joshua went to the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then Alicia and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Alicia said to Danielle
Then, Samantha and Thomas had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Thomas
Afterwards, while spending time together Tiffany and Thomas went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards David and Gregory went to the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
Afterwards Christina and Daniel went to the house, and Daniel gave a computer to Christina
Afterwards, while spending time together Emily and Jesse went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Danielle and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Danielle
Then, Lauren and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a ring to Lauren
Then Kenneth and Jason were thinking about going to the house, and Jason wanted to give a drink to Kenneth
Then, Justin and Lindsey were working at the school. Lindsey decided to give a snack to Justin
Then Gregory and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Tyler said to Gregory
Then in the morning, Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch, Jeremy and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Jesse and Matthew had a lot of fun at the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then Lindsey and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Lindsey
After the lunch in the afternoon, Andrea and Vanessa went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
While spending time together Thomas and Angela were working at the station, Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Afterwards Jesse and Allison went to the office, and Allison gave a drink to Jesse
Then Jennifer and Paul had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Paul
Then, Andrew and Charles went to the station. Andrew gave a kiss to Charles
When soon afterwards Charles and Sarah got a kiss at the garden, Charles decided to give the kiss to Sarah
After the lunch in the afternoon, Adam and Cody went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Eric and Sean had a lot of fun at the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
After the lunch Jacob and Kyle went to the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Afterwards Shannon and Amanda went to the store, and Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
After the lunch Joshua and Anthony went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Matthew and William were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a snack to William
Then, Sean and Joseph went to the school. Sean gave a bone to Joseph
After the lunch, Christopher and Megan went to the school. Christopher gave a drink to Megan
Then Alexander and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Alexander
Afterwards Scott and Thomas went to the school, and Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Afterwards, while spending time together Nicole and Paul went to the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then, Michelle and Stephanie were working at the hospital. Stephanie decided to give a computer to Michelle
Then Paul and Michelle went to the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
After taking a long break Jonathan and Aaron went to the store, Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
After the lunch, Kimberly and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then Sean and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Sean
Afterwards, while spending time together Christopher and Jennifer went to the garden. Christopher gave a snack to Jennifer
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Rebecca had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
While spending time together Vanessa and Justin were commuting to the school, Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, Jamie and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
After the lunch, Kyle and Bradley went to the station. Kyle gave a drink to Bradley
Then, Kimberly and Tyler went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to Tyler
Then Jennifer and Paul were working at the hospital, and Jennifer decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then Tyler and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Tyler
Then Bradley and John had a lot of fun at the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then Samantha and Stephen had a long argument, and after that Stephen said to Samantha
Then Heather and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Heather
Then, Paul and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Nathan and David were working at the restaurant, and David decided to give a ring to Nathan
Then Melissa and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
Then Jamie and Kenneth had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Kenneth
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth were working at the store. Tyler decided to give a computer to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Joseph and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Then in the morning afterwards, Michelle and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Michelle said to Joshua
Then, Emily and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Emily
Then Vanessa and Andrea were working at the school, and Andrea decided to give a bone to Vanessa
Then, Erin and Charles were thinking about going to the school. Erin wanted to give a bone to Charles
After taking a long break Rachel and Samuel went to the station, Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then Jason and Amanda went to the store, and Amanda gave a snack to Jason
Then Jonathan and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Jonathan
Then Dustin and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Dustin
Then in the morning, Lauren and Ashley went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
While spending time together Danielle and Steven were commuting to the store, Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
Then, Elizabeth and Jesse were thinking about going to the station. Jesse wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Then Tiffany and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Thomas
Then Jamie and Dustin went to the school, and Dustin gave a bone to Jamie
Then Bryan and Jeffrey went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then Samuel and Rachel had a long argument, and afterwards Rachel said to Samuel
Afterwards, while spending time together Kristen and Stephen went to the garden. Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then Rachel and Amber had a long argument, and afterwards Amber said to Rachel
After the lunch Ashley and Thomas went to the school, and Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
While spending time together Christine and Brian were working at the store, Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Crystal and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Crystal said to Kyle
Then Angela and Brandon went to the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch Paul and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Kimberly and Cody were working at the restaurant. Kimberly decided to give a kiss to Cody
After the lunch Thomas and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then, Jamie and Sara went to the school. Jamie gave a basketball to Sara
Then, John and Jeffrey had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Jeffrey
After the lunch Jessica and Nathan went to the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Afterwards John and Bradley went to the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay were working at the hospital. Lindsay decided to give a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Dustin and Joshua were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then Scott and Lindsey were working at the office, and Lindsey decided to give a snack to Scott
Then, Christina and Daniel had a lot of fun at the house. Daniel gave a computer to Christina
After the lunch in the afternoon, Brian and Christopher went to the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Joshua and Sean had a long argument, and after that Joshua said to Sean
Then Ashley and Lauren went to the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then Jennifer and Crystal had a long argument, and after that Crystal said to Jennifer
Afterwards, Sarah and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
Then, Amanda and Shannon had a lot of fun at the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Eric and Christina were thinking about going to the house. Christina wanted to give a ring to Eric
Then Katherine and Thomas were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Thomas wanted to give a computer to Katherine
Then, Kristen and Michael went to the school. Kristen gave a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Christine and Brian had a lot of fun at the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Samuel and Jeremy were working at the garden. Jeremy decided to give a basketball to Samuel
Then Christopher and Brian were thinking about going to the station, and Brian wanted to give a necklace to Christopher
Then Christina and Daniel had a lot of fun at the house, and Daniel gave a computer to Christina
Afterwards, while spending time together Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then Benjamin and Paul were working at the station, and Paul decided to give a computer to Benjamin
After taking a long break Samantha and Ryan went to the station, Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Paul and Nicole had a lot of fun at the hospital. Nicole gave a computer to Paul
After the lunch, Scott and Nicole went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Nicole
While spending time together Amy and Patrick were working at the hospital, Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then Mary and Jamie had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Then Shannon and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Patrick said to Shannon
Then Sean and Jennifer were working at the store, and Jennifer decided to give a basketball to Sean
Then Paul and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, Patrick and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then in the morning afterwards, Nicholas and Alexander had a long argument. Afterwards Nicholas said to Alexander
Then Cody and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Cody
Then Ashley and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Ashley said to Thomas
Afterwards, Michelle and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then Emily and Michael were thinking about going to the hospital, and Michael wanted to give a bone to Emily
Then, Tiffany and Megan had a lot of fun at the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch Thomas and Angela went to the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Justin and Lindsey had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsey said to Justin
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Scott went to the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Afterwards Patrick and Jose went to the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Jonathan were working at the hospital. Jennifer decided to give a snack to Jonathan
When soon afterwards Tiffany and Thomas got a kiss at the store, Tiffany decided to give it to Thomas
Afterwards, Brandon and Matthew went to the station. Brandon gave a drink to Matthew
Then in the morning, Adam and Cody went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then Erin and Brittany were thinking about going to the school, and Brittany wanted to give a ring to Erin
Then in the morning, Matthew and Melissa were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then, Benjamin and Paul were thinking about going to the station. Paul wanted to give a computer to Benjamin
Then, Paul and Stephen had a lot of fun at the school. Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Kenneth and Jason had a long argument, and afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Then, Paul and Stephen were working at the school. Stephen decided to give a drink to Paul
Then, Christina and Vanessa were thinking about going to the store. Christina wanted to give a snack to Vanessa
Then Paul and Samuel were working at the store, and Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Then Charles and Nicole had a lot of fun at the school, and Nicole gave a necklace to Charles
Afterwards, while spending time together Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
After the lunch Sean and Angela went to the office, and Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then, Sean and Joseph had a lot of fun at the school. Sean gave a bone to Joseph
Then Amanda and Ryan were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Ryan
Afterwards Sean and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then, Nicole and Kenneth had a long argument and after that Kenneth said to Nicole
Then Jacob and Kyle went to the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then in the morning, Scott and Cody were thinking about going to the station. Scott wanted to give a bone to Cody
Then in the morning, Jose and Patrick went to the garden. Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then Tiffany and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch Benjamin and Christina went to the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Danielle and Alicia were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Alicia wanted to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Brian and Christine had a long argument. Afterwards Christine said to Brian
After the lunch Angela and Samuel went to the garden, and Samuel gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch Samantha and Jeremy went to the school, and Jeremy gave a kiss to Samantha
Then in the morning, Ryan and Kyle had a lot of fun at the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then, Matthew and Joshua were thinking about going to the store. Matthew wanted to give a bone to Joshua
Then, Samantha and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Samantha
After the lunch Kenneth and Nicole went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
Then Gregory and Tyler had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
Then, Erica and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then Adam and Cody were working at the office, and Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then Michael and Elizabeth had a long argument, and after that Michael said to Elizabeth
While spending time together Samantha and Elizabeth were working at the store, Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
The local big station Thomas and Angela went to had a snack. Thomas gave it to Angela
Then, Timothy and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Timothy said to Bradley
Then, Lauren and Katie had a lot of fun at the school. Katie gave a basketball to Lauren
Then, Heather and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a basketball to Heather
Afterwards Benjamin and Paul went to the station, and Paul gave a computer to Benjamin
Then, Jacob and Thomas were thinking about going to the school. Jacob wanted to give a ring to Thomas
After taking a long break Jose and Patrick went to the garden, Jose gave a drink to Patrick
After the lunch, Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
After the lunch, Benjamin and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school. Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
While spending time together Joshua and Erica were commuting to the station, Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
Then, Jessica and Brittany went to the school. Jessica gave a snack to Brittany
Then Lisa and Jose were working at the hospital, and Jose decided to give a ring to Lisa
After the lunch Jason and Kenneth went to the house, and Jason gave a drink to Kenneth
Then, Travis and Jonathan were working at the restaurant. Jonathan decided to give a necklace to Travis
Then, Timothy and Jacob were thinking about going to the school. Timothy wanted to give a bone to Jacob
Then Jamie and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Jamie
Afterwards, Alexander and Jason went to the station. Alexander gave a necklace to Jason
Then Robert and Adam went to the store, and Adam gave a ring to Robert
Then Cody and Kelly had a lot of fun at the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
The local big house Jeremy and Daniel went to had a kiss. Jeremy gave it to Daniel
After the lunch in the afternoon, Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then Shannon and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
Then, Jeremy and Jamie went to the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Afterwards, while spending time together Anthony and Dustin went to the house. Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then Stephen and Stephanie had a lot of fun at the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
After the lunch Emily and Cody went to the station, and Cody gave a kiss to Emily
Then, Patrick and Amy were working at the hospital. Amy decided to give a bone to Patrick
Then, Brian and Charles had a long argument and after that Brian said to Charles
After taking a long break Robert and Richard went to the office, Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then in the morning afterwards, Sean and Eric had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Eric
Then, Megan and Thomas were thinking about going to the house. Thomas wanted to give a basketball to Megan
Then, Brian and Katie had a long argument and after that Brian said to Katie
Afterwards, while spending time together Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning, Eric and Jason went to the house. Eric gave a snack to Jason
Afterwards, while spending time together David and Courtney went to the hospital. David gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Jennifer and Tyler were thinking about going to the office. Tyler wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
Afterwards, Adam and Richard went to the station. Richard gave a snack to Adam
Then, Lindsay and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Lindsay
After the lunch Anthony and Dustin went to the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay had a long argument. Afterwards Lindsay said to Jeremy
Then Melissa and Amy were working at the office, and Amy decided to give a bone to Melissa
Then Travis and Robert had a long argument, and afterwards Robert said to Travis
Then, Nicole and Amanda had a long argument. Afterwards Amanda said to Nicole
Afterwards, while spending time together Paul and Michelle went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then in the morning, Stephen and Paul were working at the school. Stephen decided to give a drink to Paul
Then Christopher and Jennifer were working at the garden, and Christopher decided to give a snack to Jennifer
Then Jonathan and Steven were working at the garden, and Jonathan decided to give a kiss to Steven
Then Amanda and Laura had a long argument, and afterwards Laura said to Amanda
Then Jennifer and Tyler were thinking about going to the office, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Jennifer
After the lunch, Vanessa and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Thomas were working at the store. Tiffany decided to give a kiss to Thomas
Then Kyle and Mary were thinking about going to the station, and Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Mary
Then, Ryan and Samantha were working at the station. Samantha decided to give a ring to Ryan
The local big house Eric and Jason went to had a snack. Eric gave it to Jason
After the lunch Justin and Vanessa went to the school, and Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, Justin and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then Dustin and Jennifer were working at the garden, and Jennifer decided to give a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Sean had a lot of fun at the store. Jennifer gave a basketball to Sean
Then, Alexander and Nicholas were working at the house. Nicholas decided to give a kiss to Alexander
After the lunch, Cody and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
Then in the morning, Jose and Patrick had a long argument, and afterwards Jose said to Patrick
Then, Bradley and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Bradley
Then, Kimberly and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Kimberly
The local big station Joshua and Anthony went to had a computer. Joshua gave it to Anthony
Then, Adam and Angela had a long argument and after that Adam said to Angela
Afterwards Nicole and Kenneth went to the station, and Kenneth gave a kiss to Nicole
When soon afterwards Rachel and Samuel got a ring at the station, Rachel decided to give the ring to Samuel
Then Samantha and Elizabeth had a lot of fun at the store, and Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
After the lunch Vanessa and Ashley went to the school, and Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Then, Brian and Christine had a long argument and after that Christine said to Brian
Then, Samantha and Stephen had a long argument and after that Stephen said to Samantha
Then, Rebecca and David had a long argument and after that Rebecca said to David
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Alexander went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
After the lunch Rachel and Timothy went to the office, and Timothy gave a computer to Rachel
Afterwards, Alicia and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
When soon afterwards Bradley and John got a computer at the house, Bradley decided to give it to John
Afterwards Melissa and Amy went to the office, and Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then in the morning, Michelle and Joshua were working at the office. Michelle decided to give a ring to Joshua
When soon afterwards Samantha and Ryan got a ring at the station, Samantha decided to give the ring to Ryan
Then, Kimberly and Cody were thinking about going to the restaurant. Kimberly wanted to give a kiss to Cody
Then, Steven and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
After the lunch Tyler and Ryan went to the office, and Ryan gave a ring to Tyler
After the lunch, Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital. Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Afterwards, while spending time together Alicia and James went to the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
After the lunch, Jesse and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Kelly and Cody went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then in the morning, Jonathan and Aaron went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Then Elizabeth and John went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Angela and Brandon had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Angela
Then, Samuel and Rachel were working at the station. Rachel decided to give a ring to Samuel
After the lunch Brandon and Angela went to the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then William and Andrew went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Andrew
After the lunch Nicholas and Alexander went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Kelly and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Cody said to Kelly
Then, Ashley and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Michael and John had a long argument and after that Michael said to John
Then, Emily and Michael had a long argument and after that Michael said to Emily
Then, Ryan and Amy had a long argument and after that Amy said to Ryan
Then Cody and Kelly went to the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Matthew and Tiffany were working at the school. Tiffany decided to give a computer to Matthew
Then, Amanda and Shannon were thinking about going to the store. Shannon wanted to give a drink to Amanda
Then, Mary and Jamie were thinking about going to the garden. Jamie wanted to give a ring to Mary
Then, Melissa and Adam were working at the store. Melissa decided to give a computer to Adam
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth were working at the garden, and Elizabeth decided to give a computer to Jonathan
Afterwards, Jamie and Tyler went to the station. Jamie gave a bone to Tyler
Then in the morning, Joshua and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Dustin
Then, Jamie and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Dustin said to Jamie
While spending time together Eric and Jason were commuting to the house, Eric gave a snack to Jason
While spending time together Paul and Sean were working at the office, Paul gave a snack to Sean
After the lunch Andrew and Gregory went to the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then, Scott and Travis had a long argument. Afterwards Travis said to Scott
Then, Megan and Joshua were working at the station. Megan decided to give a ring to Joshua
Afterwards Nicole and Paul went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then in the morning, Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Then, Tyler and Ryan were working at the office. Ryan decided to give a ring to Tyler
Then, Brian and Sean were working at the house. Brian decided to give a ring to Sean
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha had a lot of fun at the store. Samantha gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Jason and Alicia had a long argument and after that Alicia said to Jason
Afterwards, while spending time together Scott and Cody went to the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
The local big store Samuel and Tiffany went to had a basketball. Samuel gave it to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Jason and Kenneth got a drink at the house, Jason decided to give it to Kenneth
Then Lauren and Ashley had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Ashley
Then, Amanda and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Amanda
Then, Christina and Elizabeth were working at the office. Christina decided to give a drink to Elizabeth
After the lunch, Nicole and Alicia went to the station. Nicole gave a kiss to Alicia
Then Melissa and John had a lot of fun at the garden, and John gave a drink to Melissa
Then, Jeremy and Lindsay had a long argument and after that Lindsay said to Jeremy
Then Brandon and Angela had a lot of fun at the house, and Brandon gave a computer to Angela
After the lunch, Charles and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a ring to Charles
After the lunch, Elizabeth and Brian went to the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Brian
Then, Charles and Danielle had a lot of fun at the store. Danielle gave a ring to Charles
Then Vanessa and Ashley were thinking about going to the school, and Ashley wanted to give a computer to Vanessa
After the lunch Christina and Benjamin went to the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Crystal and Katie had a long argument and after that Katie said to Crystal
Then Eric and Christina were working at the house, and Christina decided to give a ring to Eric
After the lunch, Ryan and Samantha went to the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
After taking a long break Elizabeth and Tyler went to the store, Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Then, Crystal and Katie had a long argument. Afterwards Katie said to Crystal
Then, Kyle and Bradley had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Bradley
Then, Anthony and Joshua were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then Rachel and Timothy were working at the office, and Timothy decided to give a computer to Rachel
Then, Jeremy and Jamie had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jamie gave a snack to Jeremy
Then, Timothy and Jacob were working at the school. Timothy decided to give a bone to Jacob
Then Nicole and Paul had a long argument, and after that Nicole said to Paul
Then, Sean and Jennifer were thinking about going to the store. Jennifer wanted to give a basketball to Sean
Then Jessica and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Jessica said to Nathan
Then Matthew and Tiffany went to the school, and Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Then Patrick and Jose went to the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Afterwards, Vanessa and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a computer to Vanessa
Afterwards, Stephen and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
After the lunch Amy and Patrick went to the hospital, and Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Afterwards Matthew and Melissa went to the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Afterwards Melissa and Steven went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Friends separated at birth Jennifer and Jonathan found a snack at the hospital. Jennifer gave it to Jonathan
When soon afterwards Amy and Patrick got a bone at the hospital, Amy decided to give the bone to Patrick
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Dustin got a computer at the garden, Jennifer decided to give it to Dustin
After the lunch Eric and Jason went to the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Nicholas and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
Then Mary and Jamie were working at the garden, and Jamie decided to give a ring to Mary
Then, Ashley and Gregory had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to Ashley
Then, Michelle and Paul had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Bryan and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the school. Jeffrey wanted to give a kiss to Bryan
After the lunch, Stephen and John went to the garden. Stephen gave a bone to John
Then, Travis and Robert had a long argument and after that Robert said to Travis
After the lunch, Eric and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Samantha and Thomas had a long argument and after that Samantha said to Thomas
After the lunch Thomas and Megan went to the house, and Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, Jeremy and Michael were working at the station. Jeremy decided to give a kiss to Michael
Then, Cody and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Adam said to Cody
The local big station Nicholas and Christina went to had a basketball. Nicholas gave it to Christina
After taking a long break Amanda and Ryan went to the house, Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then Benjamin and Paul were thinking about going to the station, and Paul wanted to give a computer to Benjamin
Then Charles and Danielle had a long argument, and afterwards Danielle said to Charles
Then Gregory and Nathan had a long argument, and after that Nathan said to Gregory
Then Alicia and Andrea had a long argument, and after that Andrea said to Alicia
Afterwards Tyler and Paul went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Elizabeth and Brian went to the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Brian
After the lunch, Melissa and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to Melissa
After the lunch, Michael and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a snack to Michael
Then Alexander and Nicholas had a long argument, and after that Nicholas said to Alexander
When soon afterwards Michelle and Joshua got a ring at the office, Michelle decided to give the ring to Joshua
Then, Mary and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Elizabeth and Brian had a lot of fun at the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to Brian
Then, Kristen and Angela went to the hospital. Kristen gave a drink to Angela
While spending time together David and Courtney were working at the hospital, David gave a snack to Courtney
Then Nathan and William had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then, Shannon and Lauren were working at the house. Lauren decided to give a ring to Shannon
Then, Heather and Jamie were working at the hospital. Heather decided to give a basketball to Jamie
Then Amanda and Ryan went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then Amber and Jeremy went to the restaurant, and Jeremy gave a snack to Amber
After the lunch Vanessa and Kyle went to the house, and Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Nathan and William were thinking about going to the hospital, and Nathan wanted to give a kiss to William
Then Nicholas and Alexander were thinking about going to the house, and Nicholas wanted to give a kiss to Alexander
Afterwards, Aaron and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
Afterwards, Jesse and Lauren went to the school. Lauren gave a drink to Jesse
Afterwards, Eric and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a ring to Eric
Then Samantha and Stephen were working at the hospital, and Stephen decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Christopher
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a lot of fun at the office. Jonathan gave a computer to Jennifer
Then, Vanessa and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Vanessa
Then Elizabeth and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Jesse said to Elizabeth
Then John and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Anthony gave a drink to John
Then Lauren and Ashley were working at the store, and Lauren decided to give a computer to Ashley
Then Lindsey and Scott had a long argument, and after that Lindsey said to Scott
Then Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument, and afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Then Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then, Sean and Joshua had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Sean
After taking a long break William and Andrew went to the garden, William gave a snack to Andrew
Then in the morning, Amy and Patrick went to the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then Tiffany and Thomas had a long argument, and after that Tiffany said to Thomas
After the lunch Jennifer and Dustin went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Afterwards, Jesse and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
After the lunch in the afternoon, Samuel and Tiffany went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
After the lunch, Matthew and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to Matthew
Afterwards Paul and Sean went to the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital. Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Christopher and Timothy had a lot of fun at the school. Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
Friends separated at birth Samantha and Ryan found a ring at the station. Samantha gave it to Ryan
After the lunch, Jacob and Paul went to the office. Jacob gave a necklace to Paul
Then Joshua and Michelle were working at the office, and Michelle decided to give a ring to Joshua
Then Andrew and Gregory had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Gregory
Then Melissa and Jeremy were thinking about going to the store, and Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Melissa
Then, Jason and Alicia were working at the school. Alicia decided to give a snack to Jason
Then, Kelly and Cody had a long argument. Afterwards Cody said to Kelly
Friends separated at birth Brandon and Angela found a computer at the house. Brandon gave it to Angela
After the lunch Jose and Patrick went to the garden, and Jose gave a drink to Patrick
Then, Thomas and Kelly had a lot of fun at the station. Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Then John and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Allison gave a computer to John
While spending time together Kenneth and Tiffany were working at the office, Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Jesse and Emily had a lot of fun at the school, and Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then Nicholas and Alexander had a lot of fun at the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Lauren and Katie had a long argument and after that Katie said to Lauren
After the lunch Joshua and Michelle went to the office, and Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
After the lunch, Kimberly and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a necklace to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Jennifer and Jonathan had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then Christina and Daniel were working at the house, and Daniel decided to give a computer to Christina
Then Stephen and Stephanie were thinking about going to the house, and Stephanie wanted to give a computer to Stephen
Then Dustin and Jennifer had a long argument, and afterwards Jennifer said to Dustin
Afterwards, Eric and Emily went to the store. Eric gave a necklace to Emily
Then, Brian and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Justin and Paul were working at the house. Paul decided to give a bone to Justin
Then, Tiffany and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Richard and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then Jennifer and Dustin were thinking about going to the garden, and Jennifer wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then Jessica and Nathan went to the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then Ryan and Samantha went to the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then, Eric and Brian were working at the store. Eric decided to give a ring to Brian
Then Nicholas and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Adam and Cody were working at the office. Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then, Angela and John had a long argument. Afterwards Angela said to John
Then Lindsey and Scott had a lot of fun at the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, Kimberly and Tyler were thinking about going to the school. Kimberly wanted to give a ring to Tyler
Then Nicholas and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Nicholas
After the lunch Adam and Kimberly went to the house, and Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
Then Gregory and David had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then, Brian and Charles had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Charles
When soon afterwards Kenneth and Tiffany got a necklace at the office, Kenneth decided to give it to Tiffany
Then Timothy and Christopher were working at the school, and Christopher decided to give a bone to Timothy
Then Andrew and William had a long argument, and afterwards William said to Andrew
Afterwards, Katherine and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
Then Jason and Kenneth were working at the house, and Jason decided to give a drink to Kenneth
Then, Kevin and John had a long argument and after that Kevin said to John
When soon afterwards Samantha and Ryan got a ring at the station, Samantha decided to give it to Ryan
After the lunch Alexander and Christine went to the hospital, and Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Kenneth and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Kenneth
Then Brian and Christine had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Brian
After taking a long break Paul and Michelle went to the office, Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Ryan and Nicholas had a lot of fun at the hospital. Ryan gave a basketball to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Emily and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Jesse
Then, Nathan and Jessica had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Nathan
Then Sean and Paul had a lot of fun at the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then Tiffany and Kenneth were working at the office, and Kenneth decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, while spending time together Cody and Kelly went to the office. Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then, Ashley and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Amanda and Shannon had a long argument. Afterwards Shannon said to Amanda
Then Samuel and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Samuel
Then in the morning, Lauren and Brittany were working at the house. Lauren decided to give a drink to Brittany
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa were working at the station. Vanessa decided to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then Vanessa and Crystal had a lot of fun at the house, and Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then in the morning, Michelle and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Michelle said to Joshua
Then Shannon and Patrick went to the school, and Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
Then Alicia and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Alicia
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the garden, and Elizabeth wanted to give a computer to Jonathan
Then, Alexander and Nicholas had a long argument and after that Nicholas said to Alexander
Then Alicia and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the store, and Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Afterwards Gregory and Nathan went to the school, and Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then, Melissa and Adam had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Adam
Then, Angela and Brandon had a long argument and after that Brandon said to Angela
Then Nicole and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Nicole
Then Kyle and Jacob went to the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
While spending time together William and Andrew were commuting to the garden, William gave a snack to Andrew
Then Richard and Robert were working at the office, and Robert decided to give a kiss to Richard
Afterwards Richard and Robert went to the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Scott and Lindsey had a lot of fun at the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Sean and Joshua went to the station, and Joshua gave a drink to Sean
Then Steven and Melissa went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then in the morning, Alicia and Danielle were thinking about going to the restaurant. Alicia wanted to give a computer to Danielle
Then Jennifer and Tyler had a lot of fun at the office, and Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
While spending time together Melissa and Steven were working at the hospital, Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then in the morning, Paul and Jamie were working at the school. Paul decided to give a basketball to Jamie
Then, Anthony and Richard had a long argument and after that Richard said to Anthony
Then, Elizabeth and William had a long argument. Afterwards William said to Elizabeth
Then Kristen and Stephen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
The local big hospital Amy and Patrick went to had a bone. Amy gave it to Patrick
Then in the morning, William and Andrew went to the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
Then in the morning, Brian and Christopher went to the station. Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Nicholas and Alexander were working at the house, and Nicholas decided to give a kiss to Alexander
Then, Jeremy and Michael were thinking about going to the station. Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Michael
Then Paul and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Jennifer said to Paul
Then, Mary and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Mary
Then, Tiffany and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Kelly and Cody had a lot of fun at the office, and Cody gave a snack to Kelly
Then Ashley and Gregory had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then, Jacob and Paul were working at the office. Jacob decided to give a necklace to Paul
Then Amanda and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Ryan
Then Kristen and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Kristen said to Stephen
Then in the morning, Kristen and Stephen had a long argument, and afterwards Kristen said to Stephen
Afterwards Christopher and Brian went to the station, and Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
Then Michelle and Joshua had a long argument, and after that Michelle said to Joshua
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Justin went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then in the morning, Thomas and Angela had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to Angela
Then, Kimberly and Brandon were working at the station. Brandon decided to give a necklace to Kimberly
Then Kyle and Mary had a lot of fun at the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Kristen and Michael were working at the school. Kristen decided to give a drink to Michael
Then Sean and Angela had a lot of fun at the office, and Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then Ashley and Lauren had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Ashley
Then, Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument and after that Christopher said to Jennifer
Then Christine and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Christine said to Alexander
Then Matthew and Tiffany were working at the school, and Tiffany decided to give a computer to Matthew
After the lunch Paul and Tyler went to the house, and Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then Lauren and Travis were working at the school, and Travis decided to give a ring to Lauren
Then, Stephanie and Nicole went to the store. Stephanie gave a necklace to Nicole
Then, Christopher and Megan had a long argument and after that Christopher said to Megan
When soon afterwards Jason and Kenneth got a drink at the house, Jason decided to give the drink to Kenneth
Afterwards, Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then in the morning, Paul and Tyler had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Tyler
Afterwards Jamie and Mary went to the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
Then Scott and Thomas had a lot of fun at the school, and Thomas gave a basketball to Scott
Then Kenneth and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Kenneth said to Nicole
Then, Scott and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Scott said to Nicole
Afterwards, Gregory and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a ring to Gregory
After the lunch, Alicia and Brian went to the school. Alicia gave a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Jose and Lisa were thinking about going to the hospital. Jose wanted to give a ring to Lisa
Afterwards Elizabeth and William went to the garden, and William gave a snack to Elizabeth
Then, Emily and Aaron had a lot of fun at the house. Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Then Nicholas and Christina were thinking about going to the station, and Nicholas wanted to give a basketball to Christina
Then, Christopher and Megan went to the school. Christopher gave a drink to Megan
Then Vanessa and Kyle had a lot of fun at the house, and Kyle gave a kiss to Vanessa
Then Katherine and Lindsey were thinking about going to the garden, and Lindsey wanted to give a bone to Katherine
Then, Megan and Sara had a lot of fun at the hospital. Sara gave a snack to Megan
Afterwards, Eric and Stephanie went to the garden. Eric gave a computer to Stephanie
Then Sara and Kevin had a long argument, and after that Kevin said to Sara
Afterwards, Nicole and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a computer to Nicole
Then Andrew and Gregory had a lot of fun at the house, and Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Then Paul and Nicholas were thinking about going to the hospital, and Paul wanted to give a computer to Nicholas
Then Stephen and Kristen were working at the garden, and Kristen decided to give a necklace to Stephen
After the lunch Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Michael and Brandon went to the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then, Joseph and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Joseph
Afterwards, Amanda and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then, Matthew and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Matthew
Then in the morning afterwards, Megan and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Megan said to Tiffany
Afterwards, Kristen and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
Afterwards, Brittany and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Thomas went to the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Tiffany went to the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then in the morning afterwards, Amy and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Amy said to Patrick
Then, John and Anthony had a lot of fun at the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to John
Then, Brian and Charles were working at the school. Brian decided to give a bone to Charles
After the lunch Elizabeth and John went to the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then Bryan and Jeffrey were thinking about going to the school, and Jeffrey wanted to give a kiss to Bryan
Then, Michelle and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Afterwards, Andrew and Charles went to the station. Andrew gave a kiss to Charles
Then Kimberly and Sarah were working at the office, and Sarah decided to give a necklace to Kimberly
Then in the morning, Matthew and Jesse had a lot of fun at the house. Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, Jessica and James had a long argument. Afterwards James said to Jessica
While spending time together Lindsay and Jeremy were working at the hospital, Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Then, Megan and Joshua had a lot of fun at the station. Megan gave a ring to Joshua
Then in the morning afterwards, Gregory and David had a long argument. Afterwards Gregory said to David
Then John and Allison were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Allison wanted to give a computer to John
Then, Melissa and Matthew were thinking about going to the office. Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then Ryan and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then in the morning afterwards, Jennifer and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Jennifer said to Paul
Then Joseph and Katie had a long argument, and after that Katie said to Joseph
Then, Brian and Katie were working at the restaurant. Brian decided to give a necklace to Katie
Then, Brian and Christine had a lot of fun at the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Joshua and Dustin were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a computer to Dustin
Then Gregory and Andrew had a long argument, and afterwards Andrew said to Gregory
Then Alicia and Tiffany went to the store, and Tiffany gave a snack to Alicia
Then Melissa and John were thinking about going to the garden, and John wanted to give a drink to Melissa
Afterwards Joshua and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then William and Nathan had a long argument, and afterwards Nathan said to William
Then, Kenneth and Jamie had a long argument. Afterwards Jamie said to Kenneth
Then Matthew and Jesse went to the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, Emily and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a kiss to Emily
Then Cody and Kelly were working at the office, and Cody decided to give a snack to Kelly
Then, Kyle and Laura were working at the hospital. Kyle decided to give a necklace to Laura
Then in the morning afterwards, Paul and Justin had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Justin
Friends separated at birth Paul and Justin found a bone at the house. Paul gave it to Justin
After the lunch Lindsey and Katherine went to the store, and Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
Afterwards, Brian and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
After the lunch, Melissa and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
Afterwards, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the office. Jonathan gave a computer to Jennifer
Then in the morning afterwards, Joshua and Dustin had a long argument. Afterwards Joshua said to Dustin
When soon afterwards Andrew and Gregory got a kiss at the house, Andrew decided to give the kiss to Gregory
Then, Michelle and Paul had a long argument. Afterwards Paul said to Michelle
After the lunch, Joseph and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Jonathan and Robert had a lot of fun at the house, and Robert gave a necklace to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Alicia and Danielle were working at the restaurant. Alicia decided to give a computer to Danielle
Then, Amy and Emily went to the station. Emily gave a bone to Amy
Then James and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to James
After the lunch Katherine and Thomas went to the restaurant, and Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Scott had a lot of fun at the office. Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then Kimberly and Kristen were working at the garden, and Kristen decided to give a computer to Kimberly
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa had a long argument. Afterwards Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then Mary and Jamie had a long argument, and after that Jamie said to Mary
Then, Tiffany and Nicole had a lot of fun at the house. Nicole gave a kiss to Tiffany
Then Eric and Christina had a long argument, and afterwards Christina said to Eric
Then, Jennifer and Anthony went to the garden. Jennifer gave a drink to Anthony
Then, Nicholas and Matthew had a lot of fun at the station. Matthew gave a ring to Nicholas
Then Kyle and Ryan went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Travis and Jamie went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
Afterwards Bryan and Jeffrey went to the school, and Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then in the morning, Paul and Sean had a lot of fun at the office. Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then Jeremy and Jamie were working at the hospital, and Jamie decided to give a snack to Jeremy
After the lunch Christopher and Timothy went to the school, and Christopher gave a bone to Timothy
After taking a long break Scott and Cody went to the station, Scott gave a bone to Cody
After the lunch in the afternoon, Megan and Tiffany went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
When soon afterwards Joshua and Sean got a drink at the station, Joshua decided to give the drink to Sean
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Thomas had a lot of fun at the store. Tiffany gave a kiss to Thomas
Then in the morning, Nicholas and Christina were thinking about going to the station. Nicholas wanted to give a basketball to Christina
While spending time together William and Andrew were working at the garden, William gave a snack to Andrew
Then, Scott and Allison were thinking about going to the school. Scott wanted to give a computer to Allison
Then, Benjamin and Robert had a long argument and after that Benjamin said to Robert
After the lunch John and Bradley went to the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
While spending time together Amanda and Ryan were commuting to the house, Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Afterwards Alexander and Nicholas went to the house, and Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then in the morning, Alicia and James had a lot of fun at the store. Alicia gave a basketball to James
Then Paul and Nicholas had a long argument, and after that Paul said to Nicholas
Afterwards Katherine and Thomas went to the restaurant, and Thomas gave a computer to Katherine
After the lunch, Gregory and Jesse went to the hospital. Gregory gave a snack to Jesse
Then Amy and Emily had a long argument, and afterwards Emily said to Amy
Afterwards, Shannon and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to Shannon
Then, Aaron and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the store. Jonathan gave a ring to Aaron
When soon afterwards Adam and Cody got a kiss at the office, Adam decided to give it to Cody
Then Matthew and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Matthew
After the lunch Nicole and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a ring to Nicole
While spending time together Lauren and Ashley were working at the store, Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
When soon afterwards Anthony and Dustin got a basketball at the house, Anthony decided to give it to Dustin
After the lunch, Nathan and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
Then Scott and Travis had a long argument, and afterwards Travis said to Scott
Afterwards, Brian and Sean went to the house. Brian gave a ring to Sean
Then, John and Jeffrey had a long argument and after that John said to Jeffrey
Then, Timothy and Bradley were working at the school. Timothy decided to give a snack to Bradley
Then Michael and Rachel were working at the garden, and Rachel decided to give a snack to Michael
After the lunch, Angela and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a computer to Angela
Then in the morning, Nicole and Paul were thinking about going to the hospital. Nicole wanted to give a computer to Paul
Afterwards, Kenneth and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Amanda and Nicole had a long argument, and after that Amanda said to Nicole
Afterwards, Christina and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a computer to Christina
Then, Jonathan and Anthony had a long argument. Afterwards Jonathan said to Anthony
Then, Jessica and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Jessica said to Brittany
After the lunch Nathan and Jessica went to the school, and Jessica gave a ring to Nathan
After the lunch, Christina and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then Katherine and Lindsey went to the garden, and Lindsey gave a bone to Katherine
While spending time together Paul and Nicholas were working at the hospital, Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then in the morning, Amanda and Nicole were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a ring to Nicole
After the lunch Bradley and Alicia went to the store, and Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
The local big garden Jennifer and Dustin went to had a computer. Jennifer gave it to Dustin
Then David and Courtney had a lot of fun at the hospital, and David gave a snack to Courtney
When soon afterwards Andrea and Alicia got a snack at the restaurant, Andrea decided to give it to Alicia
Then in the morning, Paul and Tyler went to the house. Paul gave a snack to Tyler
Then, Melissa and John had a long argument and after that John said to Melissa
Then Lauren and Brittany had a long argument, and afterwards Lauren said to Brittany
Then Angela and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Angela
Then, Lauren and Travis were thinking about going to the school. Travis wanted to give a ring to Lauren
Then in the morning, Samuel and Paul were working at the store. Samuel decided to give a kiss to Paul
Afterwards, Amanda and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Then, Jeremy and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Michael
Then, Sara and Eric had a long argument and after that Eric said to Sara
Then, Brittany and Lauren were working at the house. Lauren decided to give a drink to Brittany
Then, Jason and Amanda had a lot of fun at the store. Amanda gave a snack to Jason
The local big house Bradley and John went to had a computer. Bradley gave it to John
Then Lindsey and Katherine were thinking about going to the store, and Katherine wanted to give a necklace to Lindsey
Then Sara and Eric went to the office, and Eric gave a drink to Sara
Then, Michael and Aaron were working at the garden. Michael decided to give a drink to Aaron
Then Samantha and Jeremy had a long argument, and after that Jeremy said to Samantha
Then Christopher and Jennifer had a long argument, and after that Christopher said to Jennifer
While spending time together Stephen and Paul were commuting to the school, Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then Elizabeth and John had a lot of fun at the house, and John gave a bone to Elizabeth
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa had a long argument and after that Vanessa said to Tiffany
Then Christopher and Jennifer went to the hospital, and Jennifer gave a bone to Christopher
After taking a long break Kimberly and Adam went to the house, Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
While spending time together Michelle and Joshua were working at the office, Michelle gave a ring to Joshua
Then Robert and Adam were working at the store, and Adam decided to give a ring to Robert
Afterwards, Melissa and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Then, Kimberly and Melissa had a lot of fun at the garden. Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Afterwards, Thomas and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a drink to Thomas
Then, Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
While spending time together Lindsey and Justin were commuting to the school, Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Afterwards, Jessica and John went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a kiss to John
Then in the morning afterwards, Brandon and Michael had a long argument. Afterwards Brandon said to Michael
Friends separated at birth Paul and Michelle found a necklace at the office. Paul gave it to Michelle
Then Bradley and Alicia were working at the store, and Alicia decided to give a kiss to Bradley
Then, Steven and Jonathan were thinking about going to the garden. Jonathan wanted to give a kiss to Steven
Then, Mary and Kyle had a lot of fun at the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then, Adam and Richard were thinking about going to the station. Richard wanted to give a snack to Adam
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Justin went to the house. Paul gave a bone to Justin
Then, Brittany and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Brittany said to Christopher
Then Stephen and Kristen had a lot of fun at the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then, Michael and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Michael said to Aaron
After the lunch Tiffany and Kenneth went to the office, and Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, Eric and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Kimberly and Melissa were thinking about going to the garden, and Melissa wanted to give a basketball to Kimberly
Then, Rebecca and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
After the lunch Sara and Kevin went to the station, and Kevin gave a bone to Sara
Then, Thomas and Tiffany had a long argument and after that Tiffany said to Thomas
While spending time together Alicia and James were commuting to the store, Alicia gave a basketball to James
Afterwards, Erica and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
After the lunch in the afternoon, Andrew and Gregory went to the house. Andrew gave a kiss to Gregory
Afterwards, Erin and Charles went to the school. Erin gave a bone to Charles
After the lunch, Sara and Daniel went to the station. Sara gave a kiss to Daniel
When soon afterwards Rachel and Samuel got a ring at the station, Rachel decided to give it to Samuel
When soon afterwards Joshua and Erica got a necklace at the station, Joshua decided to give the necklace to Erica
The local big station Scott and Cody went to had a bone. Scott gave it to Cody
Then James and Jessica were thinking about going to the store, and James wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then, Jamie and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch Stephen and Stephanie went to the house, and Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then in the morning, Thomas and Megan went to the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
Then, William and Nathan were thinking about going to the hospital. Nathan wanted to give a kiss to William
Then Dustin and Joshua had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Dustin
Then Matthew and Melissa were thinking about going to the office, and Matthew wanted to give a snack to Melissa
Then, Elizabeth and Michael had a lot of fun at the station. Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
Then in the morning afterwards, Thomas and Angela had a long argument. Afterwards Thomas said to Angela
Afterwards, Jamie and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch in the afternoon, Vanessa and Crystal went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then, Charles and Nicole were working at the school. Nicole decided to give a necklace to Charles
Friends separated at birth Michael and Elizabeth found a ring at the station. Michael gave it to Elizabeth
Then, Kyle and Laura had a long argument. Afterwards Kyle said to Laura
Then, Stephen and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to Stephen
Then, Travis and Robert had a lot of fun at the hospital. Robert gave a necklace to Travis
Afterwards, Matthew and Joshua went to the store. Matthew gave a bone to Joshua
Afterwards Eric and Sean went to the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then Justin and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Justin
Then, Angela and Bryan had a long argument. Afterwards Bryan said to Angela
Then Joshua and Michael had a long argument, and afterwards Michael said to Joshua
Then Thomas and Angela were thinking about going to the station, and Thomas wanted to give a snack to Angela
After the lunch in the afternoon, Christina and Benjamin went to the house. Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Scott and Travis had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Travis gave a necklace to Scott
Then Elizabeth and Samantha had a long argument, and after that Samantha said to Elizabeth
After taking a long break Shannon and Amanda went to the store, Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
While spending time together Lindsey and Scott were working at the office, Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Afterwards Joshua and Anthony went to the station, and Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Jessica and Kyle were working at the restaurant. Jessica decided to give a snack to Kyle
Then in the morning, Lindsay and Jeremy had a lot of fun at the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
Afterwards, while spending time together James and Jessica went to the store. James gave a computer to Jessica
Then Lindsay and Shannon were thinking about going to the house, and Shannon wanted to give a basketball to Lindsay
Then Heather and Joshua went to the house, and Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then in the morning afterwards, Jason and Kenneth had a long argument. Afterwards Jason said to Kenneth
Afterwards Ryan and Amanda went to the house, and Amanda gave a kiss to Ryan
Then Elizabeth and Michael were thinking about going to the station, and Michael wanted to give a ring to Elizabeth
Afterwards, Patrick and Amy went to the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
After taking a long break Jennifer and Paul went to the hospital, Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
After the lunch in the afternoon, Christine and Alexander went to the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Amanda and Laura were thinking about going to the house, and Laura wanted to give a necklace to Amanda
Then, Justin and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to Justin
Then, Justin and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Justin
Then Benjamin and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then in the morning, Stephen and Samantha went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Paul and Michelle had a lot of fun at the office, and Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then, Jacob and Paul went to the office. Jacob gave a necklace to Paul
Then, Samantha and Stephen were working at the hospital. Stephen decided to give a basketball to Samantha
Then, Paul and Nicole had a long argument and after that Nicole said to Paul
After the lunch Stephen and Paul went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
Then, David and Gregory had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then, Brian and Christine were working at the store. Christine decided to give a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Scott were thinking about going to the office. Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Scott
Afterwards Stephen and Kristen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
When soon afterwards Paul and Michelle got a necklace at the office, Paul decided to give the necklace to Michelle
Then in the morning, Emily and Jesse were thinking about going to the school. Emily wanted to give a necklace to Jesse
Then, Eric and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Eric
Then, Jesse and Matthew were working at the house. Matthew decided to give a kiss to Jesse
After the lunch, Samantha and Christine went to the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Christine
Then, Paul and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Paul
Friends separated at birth Amanda and Ryan found a kiss at the house. Amanda gave it to Ryan
Then Jason and Alicia went to the school, and Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then Angela and Bryan had a lot of fun at the house, and Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Then in the morning, Kyle and Mary went to the station. Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
Then Patrick and Amy were working at the hospital, and Amy decided to give a bone to Patrick
Then Rebecca and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then, Adam and Kimberly had a long argument. Afterwards Kimberly said to Adam
Then, Alexander and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then, Eric and Sean had a long argument. Afterwards Sean said to Eric
Then Jennifer and Crystal had a long argument, and afterwards Crystal said to Jennifer
Afterwards, Andrew and William went to the garden. William gave a snack to Andrew
Then Joseph and Katie went to the station, and Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Brian and Christine were working at the store, and Christine decided to give a bone to Brian
Then in the morning, Thomas and Angela had a lot of fun at the station. Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then Ryan and Amanda had a long argument, and afterwards Amanda said to Ryan
While spending time together Nicole and Paul were working at the hospital, Nicole gave a computer to Paul
Then in the morning, Jose and Lisa had a lot of fun at the hospital. Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Jamie and Shannon had a lot of fun at the house, and Shannon gave a computer to Jamie
When soon afterwards Samantha and Elizabeth got a snack at the store, Samantha decided to give it to Elizabeth
Then, Lindsey and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
While spending time together Jose and Lisa were commuting to the hospital, Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Afterwards Crystal and Katie went to the hospital, and Katie gave a drink to Crystal
Afterwards Jacob and Kyle went to the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
After the lunch, Lindsay and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Then Alicia and Andrea were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Andrea wanted to give a snack to Alicia
After taking a long break Jonathan and Steven went to the garden, Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
After the lunch Thomas and Kelly went to the station, and Kelly gave a kiss to Thomas
Afterwards Amanda and Laura went to the house, and Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Afterwards, Tiffany and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards, Angela and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a bone to Angela
Afterwards, while spending time together Samantha and Ryan went to the station. Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
When soon afterwards Paul and Sean got a snack at the office, Paul decided to give the snack to Sean
Then Jennifer and Dustin were working at the garden, and Jennifer decided to give a computer to Dustin
After the lunch Elizabeth and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a ring to Elizabeth
While spending time together Paul and Nicholas were commuting to the hospital, Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Steven and Melissa had a lot of fun at the hospital. Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Afterwards, Steven and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a kiss to Steven
Then, Kelly and Cody were working at the office. Cody decided to give a snack to Kelly
When soon afterwards Amy and Patrick got a bone at the hospital, Amy decided to give it to Patrick
After the lunch Rachel and Samuel went to the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Friends separated at birth Christine and Brian found a bone at the store. Christine gave it to Brian
Then, Sara and Richard went to the restaurant. Sara gave a necklace to Richard
Afterwards, Samantha and Thomas went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a bone to Thomas
Afterwards Paul and Stephen went to the school, and Stephen gave a drink to Paul
While spending time together Gregory and David were working at the restaurant, Gregory gave a necklace to David
Then Erin and Brittany were working at the school, and Brittany decided to give a ring to Erin
Then, Jesse and Lauren were working at the school. Lauren decided to give a drink to Jesse
Then Sean and Eric had a lot of fun at the garden, and Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then, Kristen and Courtney had a long argument. Afterwards Courtney said to Kristen
After the lunch, William and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a kiss to William
After the lunch, Anthony and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to Anthony
Then, Alexander and Christine were working at the hospital. Christine decided to give a snack to Alexander
Then, Nathan and Jessica were working at the school. Jessica decided to give a ring to Nathan
Then Tiffany and Samuel had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Tiffany
After the lunch Kyle and Jacob went to the store, and Jacob gave a bone to Kyle
Then Jason and Alicia had a long argument, and after that Alicia said to Jason
Afterwards Sean and Paul went to the office, and Paul gave a snack to Sean
Then, Eric and Aaron had a long argument and after that Aaron said to Eric
Then Jamie and Travis were thinking about going to the school, and Travis wanted to give a bone to Jamie
Afterwards, while spending time together Christine and Alexander went to the hospital. Christine gave a snack to Alexander
Then Jesse and Lauren were working at the school, and Lauren decided to give a drink to Jesse
Afterwards Tiffany and Vanessa went to the station, and Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Patrick and Amy had a lot of fun at the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Megan and Joshua had a long argument and after that Megan said to Joshua
Then Tiffany and Megan had a lot of fun at the school, and Megan gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Gregory and David were working at the restaurant. Gregory decided to give a necklace to David
Then Joshua and Sean had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Sean
After the lunch in the afternoon, Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
The local big house Paul and Justin went to had a bone. Paul gave it to Justin
Then in the morning, Christine and Brian were working at the store. Christine decided to give a bone to Brian
While spending time together Nathan and William were commuting to the hospital, Nathan gave a kiss to William
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Rebecca were thinking about going to the restaurant. Tiffany wanted to give a bone to Rebecca
Then, Christopher and Brian had a long argument. Afterwards Brian said to Christopher
Then, Emily and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a bone to Emily
Then, Andrew and Charles were thinking about going to the station. Andrew wanted to give a kiss to Charles
Then Jennifer and Dustin had a lot of fun at the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Stephanie and Aaron had a long argument. Afterwards Stephanie said to Aaron
Friends separated at birth Paul and Tyler found a snack at the house. Paul gave it to Tyler
Then in the morning, Joshua and Erica had a lot of fun at the station. Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
While spending time together Jennifer and Dustin were working at the garden, Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
Then, Nicholas and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Sara and Kevin were thinking about going to the station. Kevin wanted to give a bone to Sara
Then Kimberly and Brandon were working at the station, and Brandon decided to give a necklace to Kimberly
After the lunch, Travis and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Travis gave a bone to Tiffany
Then, Heather and Ashley were thinking about going to the store. Ashley wanted to give a basketball to Heather
Then, Kyle and Bradley had a lot of fun at the station. Kyle gave a drink to Bradley
Then, Jennifer and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a ring to Jennifer
Then, Jennifer and Christopher had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Jennifer
Then Benjamin and Christina had a lot of fun at the house, and Christina gave a snack to Benjamin
Then Melissa and Steven had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then Lauren and Amanda were working at the hospital, and Amanda decided to give a snack to Lauren
Then in the morning, Scott and Cody had a lot of fun at the station. Scott gave a bone to Cody
Then, Courtney and David were thinking about going to the hospital. David wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Courtney and Amber had a long argument and after that Amber said to Courtney
Then, Tiffany and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Nicole said to Tiffany
Then, Travis and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
Then Sean and Joshua were thinking about going to the station, and Joshua wanted to give a drink to Sean
Afterwards Kyle and Mary went to the station, and Kyle gave a basketball to Mary
After the lunch, Thomas and Amber went to the house. Thomas gave a kiss to Amber
Then, Gregory and Andrew were thinking about going to the house. Andrew wanted to give a kiss to Gregory
Then Cody and Gregory were thinking about going to the hospital, and Gregory wanted to give a kiss to Cody
While spending time together Bradley and John were working at the house, Bradley gave a computer to John
After the lunch Jennifer and Crystal went to the hospital, and Crystal gave a basketball to Jennifer
Then Eric and Aaron had a long argument, and afterwards Aaron said to Eric
Then in the morning, Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
After taking a long break Alicia and Danielle went to the restaurant, Alicia gave a computer to Danielle
Then in the morning afterwards, Tiffany and Benjamin had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Benjamin
When soon afterwards James and Jessica got a computer at the store, James decided to give the computer to Jessica
Then Samantha and Ryan had a long argument, and afterwards Samantha said to Ryan
Then Jonathan and Steven had a long argument, and afterwards Jonathan said to Steven
Then Dustin and Anthony had a lot of fun at the house, and Anthony gave a basketball to Dustin
Then in the morning afterwards, Alicia and James had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to James
Then, Christopher and Megan were working at the school. Christopher decided to give a drink to Megan
When soon afterwards Paul and Sean got a snack at the office, Paul decided to give it to Sean
Then, Alicia and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
Then in the morning, Jeremy and Samuel were thinking about going to the garden. Jeremy wanted to give a basketball to Samuel
After the lunch, Melissa and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a bone to Melissa
Afterwards, Samuel and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then, Christina and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Afterwards, Alicia and Brian went to the school. Alicia gave a bone to Brian
Then John and Elizabeth were thinking about going to the house, and John wanted to give a bone to Elizabeth
Then in the morning, Joshua and Anthony were thinking about going to the station. Joshua wanted to give a computer to Anthony
Then in the morning, Matthew and Jesse had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Jesse
Then Samuel and Jeremy went to the garden, and Jeremy gave a basketball to Samuel
Then Tiffany and Nicole had a long argument, and afterwards Nicole said to Tiffany
Then Ryan and Amy had a long argument, and after that Amy said to Ryan
Afterwards Ryan and Samantha went to the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Tiffany were thinking about going to the station. Vanessa wanted to give a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Jessica and James were thinking about going to the store. James wanted to give a computer to Jessica
Then Kenneth and Jamie had a lot of fun at the office, and Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Afterwards, Thomas and Amber went to the house. Thomas gave a kiss to Amber
Then, Benjamin and Christina had a long argument. Afterwards Christina said to Benjamin
After taking a long break Joshua and Erica went to the station, Joshua gave a necklace to Erica
When soon afterwards Amber and Rachel got a necklace at the garden, Amber decided to give it to Rachel
Then Kristen and Courtney had a long argument, and afterwards Courtney said to Kristen
Then James and Jessica had a long argument, and afterwards James said to Jessica
Then in the morning, Andrea and Vanessa went to the school. Andrea gave a bone to Vanessa
The local big office Lindsey and Scott went to had a snack. Lindsey gave it to Scott
While spending time together Nicholas and Christina were commuting to the station, Nicholas gave a basketball to Christina
Then, Angela and John were thinking about going to the garden. Angela wanted to give a computer to John
After the lunch Robert and Richard went to the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then in the morning afterwards, Christopher and Timothy had a long argument. Afterwards Christopher said to Timothy
When soon afterwards Joshua and Anthony got a computer at the station, Joshua decided to give it to Anthony
After the lunch Richard and Robert went to the office, and Robert gave a kiss to Richard
Then, Jamie and Shannon had a long argument and after that Shannon said to Jamie
Then Thomas and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Kelly said to Thomas
While spending time together Vanessa and Crystal were working at the house, Vanessa gave a ring to Crystal
Then Thomas and Kelly were working at the station, and Kelly decided to give a kiss to Thomas
While spending time together Kimberly and Adam were working at the house, Kimberly gave a basketball to Adam
When soon afterwards Stephen and Paul got a drink at the school, Stephen decided to give the drink to Paul
Then, Samuel and Rachel had a lot of fun at the station. Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then Jamie and Travis had a lot of fun at the school, and Travis gave a bone to Jamie
After the lunch Michael and Brandon went to the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Jeffrey and Bryan had a long argument, and afterwards Jeffrey said to Bryan
Then in the morning, Tiffany and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to Rebecca
Then Paul and Sean were thinking about going to the office, and Paul wanted to give a snack to Sean
Then Sara and Eric had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Sara
Afterwards Tiffany and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Andrea and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
After the lunch, Lindsey and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a necklace to Lindsey
Then Eric and Jason had a long argument, and after that Eric said to Jason
Then, Scott and Kenneth had a lot of fun at the school. Kenneth gave a bone to Scott
Then, Jesse and Allison had a lot of fun at the office. Allison gave a drink to Jesse
After taking a long break Amber and Rachel went to the garden, Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then Steven and Melissa were working at the hospital, and Melissa decided to give a computer to Steven
Then Courtney and David were thinking about going to the hospital, and David wanted to give a snack to Courtney
Then, Jason and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to Jason
Then, Tyler and Paul had a long argument and after that Paul said to Tyler
Afterwards, Tiffany and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
While spending time together Rachel and Samuel were commuting to the station, Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then, Melissa and Lindsey had a long argument and after that Lindsey said to Melissa
Then Benjamin and Tiffany were working at the hospital, and Tiffany decided to give a snack to Benjamin
Then, Angela and Bryan were thinking about going to the house. Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Then in the morning afterwards, John and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Elizabeth
Then, Courtney and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a snack to Courtney
Then, Elizabeth and Samantha had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Elizabeth
While spending time together Jamie and Kenneth were working at the office, Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then, Jesse and Emily went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
When soon afterwards Gregory and David got a necklace at the restaurant, Gregory decided to give the necklace to David
Then Elizabeth and Tyler had a long argument, and after that Elizabeth said to Tyler
Then, Tiffany and Megan were working at the school. Megan decided to give a necklace to Tiffany
Then, Andrea and Joshua went to the store. Andrea gave a necklace to Joshua
Then, Patrick and Amy went to the hospital. Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then, Ryan and Amanda were thinking about going to the house. Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Ryan
Then, Sarah and Charles were thinking about going to the garden. Charles wanted to give a kiss to Sarah
Then Anthony and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Anthony said to Dustin
Then Michelle and Paul were thinking about going to the office, and Paul wanted to give a necklace to Michelle
Then, Kristen and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a necklace to Kristen
After the lunch, Amanda and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a necklace to Amanda
Then, Timothy and Jacob went to the school. Timothy gave a bone to Jacob
Then Lauren and Brittany went to the house, and Lauren gave a drink to Brittany
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the office. Jonathan gave a computer to Jennifer
Afterwards Melissa and Lindsey went to the store, and Lindsey gave a kiss to Melissa
After taking a long break Jose and Lisa went to the hospital, Jose gave a ring to Lisa
Then Matthew and Melissa had a long argument, and after that Matthew said to Melissa
Then, Samantha and Christine went to the garden. Samantha gave a computer to Christine
Afterwards, Tiffany and Vanessa went to the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Scott and Lindsey went to the office, and Lindsey gave a snack to Scott
Then, Melissa and Jeremy had a long argument. Afterwards Jeremy said to Melissa
Then Joseph and Katie had a lot of fun at the station, and Katie gave a kiss to Joseph
Then Jesse and Matthew went to the house, and Matthew gave a kiss to Jesse
Then, Nicole and Kenneth were thinking about going to the station. Kenneth wanted to give a kiss to Nicole
Afterwards Kyle and Ryan went to the hospital, and Ryan gave a ring to Kyle
Then in the morning, Andrea and Vanessa had a long argument, and afterwards Andrea said to Vanessa
Then, Elizabeth and John had a long argument. Afterwards John said to Elizabeth
Then Sean and Paul were thinking about going to the office, and Paul wanted to give a snack to Sean
After the lunch Joshua and Michael went to the station, and Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then in the morning afterwards, Jacob and Kyle had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Kyle
Then in the morning, Vanessa and Tiffany had a lot of fun at the station. Vanessa gave a basketball to Tiffany
Afterwards Lauren and Amanda went to the hospital, and Amanda gave a snack to Lauren
Then Gregory and Samuel had a long argument, and after that Samuel said to Gregory
Then, Amanda and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a drink to Amanda
Then Melissa and Steven went to the hospital, and Melissa gave a computer to Steven
Then Scott and Thomas were working at the school, and Thomas decided to give a basketball to Scott
Then Paul and Nicole went to the hospital, and Nicole gave a computer to Paul
After the lunch, Brandon and Jamie went to the house. Brandon gave a basketball to Jamie
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer were thinking about going to the office. Jonathan wanted to give a computer to Jennifer
Then Steven and Jonathan had a long argument, and after that Jonathan said to Steven
Then, Tyler and Christine had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Christine
Then Jesse and Matthew were working at the house, and Matthew decided to give a kiss to Jesse
Then in the morning afterwards, Samantha and Elizabeth had a long argument. Afterwards Samantha said to Elizabeth
Then Vanessa and Crystal were working at the house, and Vanessa decided to give a ring to Crystal
Then in the morning, Lindsey and Justin went to the school. Lindsey gave a snack to Justin
Then John and Bradley went to the house, and Bradley gave a computer to John
Then Jonathan and Robert were thinking about going to the house, and Robert wanted to give a necklace to Jonathan
Then in the morning, Charles and Sarah went to the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
After the lunch, Eric and Brian went to the store. Eric gave a ring to Brian
Then, John and Bradley had a long argument and after that Bradley said to John
Then Lindsay and Jeremy went to the hospital, and Lindsay gave a kiss to Jeremy
After taking a long break Brandon and Angela went to the house, Brandon gave a computer to Angela
While spending time together Brian and Christopher were working at the station, Brian gave a necklace to Christopher
While spending time together Samuel and Paul were working at the store, Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jonathan said to Jennifer
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer had a long argument and after that Jennifer said to Jonathan
Then, John and Allison had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Allison gave a computer to John
Then Samuel and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Samuel said to Paul
After the lunch, Brian and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then, Megan and Sara had a long argument. Afterwards Sara said to Megan
When soon afterwards Christina and Benjamin got a snack at the house, Christina decided to give the snack to Benjamin
Then Joshua and Erica had a long argument, and afterwards Joshua said to Erica
Then Jamie and Dustin had a long argument, and afterwards Dustin said to Jamie
Then, Tyler and Thomas were thinking about going to the hospital. Thomas wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Afterwards, Alexander and Jamie went to the school. Alexander gave a bone to Jamie
When soon afterwards Paul and Michelle got a necklace at the office, Paul decided to give it to Michelle
After the lunch, John and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a computer to John
Afterwards Amber and Rachel went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
Then, Richard and Robert had a long argument. Afterwards Robert said to Richard
After the lunch, Tiffany and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then Kenneth and Tiffany were thinking about going to the office, and Kenneth wanted to give a necklace to Tiffany
Afterwards Melissa and Matthew went to the office, and Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then, Nicholas and Paul went to the hospital. Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Then, Jonathan and Robert were thinking about going to the house. Robert wanted to give a necklace to Jonathan
Then, Joshua and Michael had a lot of fun at the station. Michael gave a drink to Joshua
Then, Samantha and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Samantha
Afterwards, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Jessica and John had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jessica gave a kiss to John
Then Robert and Richard had a long argument, and after that Robert said to Richard
While spending time together Jennifer and Jonathan were commuting to the hospital, Jennifer gave a snack to Jonathan
Then, Nicole and Amanda were working at the house. Amanda decided to give a ring to Nicole
Then Cody and Kelly had a long argument, and after that Cody said to Kelly
Then, Stephen and Kristen had a long argument and after that Kristen said to Stephen
After taking a long break Sean and Eric went to the garden, Sean gave a kiss to Eric
Then in the morning, Ashley and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Ashley said to Thomas
When soon afterwards Brandon and Michael got a drink at the school, Brandon decided to give it to Michael
Then, Samuel and Jeremy had a long argument and after that Jeremy said to Samuel
Then Dustin and Jennifer went to the garden, and Jennifer gave a computer to Dustin
After the lunch, Michelle and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to Michelle
Then in the morning, Andrea and Alicia went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to Alicia
After the lunch in the afternoon, Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then Jamie and Kenneth were working at the office, and Jamie decided to give a ring to Kenneth
Then Rebecca and Tiffany had a long argument, and afterwards Tiffany said to Rebecca
Afterwards, Nathan and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to Nathan
Then Joshua and Michelle were thinking about going to the office, and Michelle wanted to give a ring to Joshua
After the lunch Gregory and Nathan went to the school, and Nathan gave a basketball to Gregory
Then, Samantha and Stephen were thinking about going to the hospital. Stephen wanted to give a basketball to Samantha
After taking a long break Amy and Patrick went to the hospital, Amy gave a bone to Patrick
Then in the morning, Paul and Sean were thinking about going to the office. Paul wanted to give a snack to Sean
When soon afterwards Amanda and Ryan got a kiss at the house, Amanda decided to give it to Ryan
Then Matthew and Melissa had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to Melissa
Then in the morning, James and Jessica were working at the store. James decided to give a computer to Jessica
Friends separated at birth Lauren and Ashley found a computer at the store. Lauren gave it to Ashley
Then in the morning, Lauren and Ashley had a lot of fun at the store. Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then Ryan and Kyle had a long argument, and afterwards Ryan said to Kyle
Then, Erin and Charles had a lot of fun at the school. Erin gave a bone to Charles
Then, Patrick and Brittany had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Brittany
After the lunch, Bradley and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to Bradley
After the lunch, Melissa and Adam went to the store. Melissa gave a computer to Adam
While spending time together Samuel and Tiffany were working at the store, Samuel gave a basketball to Tiffany
Then, Christina and Vanessa went to the store. Christina gave a snack to Vanessa
Then Steven and Melissa were thinking about going to the hospital, and Melissa wanted to give a computer to Steven
While spending time together Kristen and Stephen were commuting to the garden, Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Friends separated at birth Nathan and William found a kiss at the hospital. Nathan gave it to William
Then Amber and Rachel went to the garden, and Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
After taking a long break Jeremy and Daniel went to the house, Jeremy gave a kiss to Daniel
Then Paul and Nicole were working at the hospital, and Nicole decided to give a computer to Paul
Then Jamie and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to Jamie
Then, Kevin and John were working at the school. Kevin decided to give a bone to John
Then, Jesse and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to Jesse
After the lunch Samantha and Ryan went to the station, and Samantha gave a ring to Ryan
Afterwards Samuel and Paul went to the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then Gregory and David had a long argument, and afterwards Gregory said to David
Then Gregory and Andrew were thinking about going to the house, and Andrew wanted to give a kiss to Gregory
Then, Nicole and Katie were working at the station. Katie decided to give a computer to Nicole
Then, Amber and Stephen had a long argument. Afterwards Stephen said to Amber
Then Eric and Jason had a lot of fun at the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Kimberly and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a basketball to Kimberly
Then Thomas and Angela had a lot of fun at the station, and Thomas gave a snack to Angela
Then, Cody and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to Cody
When soon afterwards Tiffany and Rebecca got a bone at the restaurant, Tiffany decided to give the bone to Rebecca
Then, Mary and Jamie had a long argument and after that Jamie said to Mary
After the lunch Mary and Jamie went to the garden, and Jamie gave a ring to Mary
After taking a long break Nicholas and Alexander went to the house, Nicholas gave a kiss to Alexander
Then Rachel and Timothy had a long argument, and afterwards Timothy said to Rachel
Then, Benjamin and Robert had a lot of fun at the office. Benjamin gave a drink to Robert
After the lunch in the afternoon, Emily and Jesse went to the school. Emily gave a necklace to Jesse
Then, Steven and Melissa had a long argument. Afterwards Melissa said to Steven
Then Shannon and Lauren were thinking about going to the house, and Lauren wanted to give a ring to Shannon
Afterwards Kristen and Stephen went to the garden, and Kristen gave a necklace to Stephen
Then, Brandon and Matthew were thinking about going to the station. Brandon wanted to give a drink to Matthew
Then Amber and Jeremy had a long argument, and afterwards Jeremy said to Amber
Afterwards Sean and Angela went to the office, and Angela gave a ring to Sean
Then Ryan and Kyle were thinking about going to the hospital, and Ryan wanted to give a ring to Kyle
Then Lindsay and Shannon went to the house, and Shannon gave a basketball to Lindsay
Afterwards Heather and Joshua went to the house, and Joshua gave a basketball to Heather
Then, Timothy and Christopher were working at the school. Christopher decided to give a bone to Timothy
After the lunch, Rebecca and David went to the garden. Rebecca gave a bone to David
Then, Travis and Jonathan had a lot of fun at the restaurant. Jonathan gave a necklace to Travis
When soon afterwards Paul and Tyler got a snack at the house, Paul decided to give the snack to Tyler
Then, Jessica and Nathan had a long argument and after that Jessica said to Nathan
Then, Alicia and Andrea were working at the restaurant. Andrea decided to give a snack to Alicia
Then Kimberly and Kristen were thinking about going to the garden, and Kristen wanted to give a computer to Kimberly
Afterwards Ashley and Gregory went to the hospital, and Gregory gave a snack to Ashley
Then Ryan and Amanda were thinking about going to the house, and Amanda wanted to give a kiss to Ryan
The local big office Paul and Michelle went to had a necklace. Paul gave it to Michelle
Then Rachel and Samuel had a lot of fun at the station, and Rachel gave a ring to Samuel
Then Cody and Adam were working at the office, and Adam decided to give a kiss to Cody
Then, Lindsey and Katherine were thinking about going to the store. Katherine wanted to give a necklace to Lindsey
Then, Jessica and John went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a kiss to John
Then, Anthony and Richard had a lot of fun at the school. Richard gave a ring to Anthony
Then in the morning, Joshua and Anthony were working at the station. Joshua decided to give a computer to Anthony
Then, Jacob and Thomas had a long argument. Afterwards Jacob said to Thomas
Then, Timothy and Patrick had a long argument. Afterwards Patrick said to Timothy
Then, Benjamin and Tiffany had a long argument. Afterwards Tiffany said to Benjamin
While spending time together Elizabeth and Tyler were working at the store, Elizabeth gave a kiss to Tyler
Afterwards, Emily and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a bone to Emily
Then, Alicia and Nicole had a long argument. Afterwards Alicia said to Nicole
Then Samantha and Jeremy were thinking about going to the school, and Jeremy wanted to give a kiss to Samantha
Then in the morning, Scott and Cody had a long argument, and afterwards Scott said to Cody
Then Mary and Kyle were thinking about going to the station, and Kyle wanted to give a basketball to Mary
Then Jonathan and Elizabeth had a long argument, and afterwards Elizabeth said to Jonathan
Then, Amanda and Shannon were working at the store. Shannon decided to give a drink to Amanda
Afterwards, Tyler and Elizabeth went to the store. Tyler gave a computer to Elizabeth
Afterwards, while spending time together Thomas and Megan went to the house. Thomas gave a basketball to Megan
When soon afterwards Brandon and Angela got a computer at the house, Brandon decided to give the computer to Angela
Then Amber and Rachel were working at the garden, and Amber decided to give a necklace to Rachel
Then, Adam and Richard had a lot of fun at the station. Richard gave a snack to Adam
Then, Jamie and Tyler had a lot of fun at the station. Jamie gave a bone to Tyler
Then in the morning, Paul and Nicholas were thinking about going to the hospital. Paul wanted to give a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards, while spending time together Jamie and Kenneth went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Paul and Tyler were thinking about going to the house, and Paul wanted to give a snack to Tyler
Then Tyler and Thomas went to the hospital, and Thomas gave a snack to Tyler
Then Scott and Lindsey were thinking about going to the office, and Lindsey wanted to give a snack to Scott
Then, Jennifer and Anthony were working at the garden. Jennifer decided to give a drink to Anthony
Then Jennifer and Paul had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Jennifer gave a kiss to Paul
After taking a long break Jeffrey and Bryan went to the school, Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then Robert and Richard were thinking about going to the office, and Robert wanted to give a kiss to Richard
Then, Lindsey and Shannon had a lot of fun at the school. Lindsey gave a basketball to Shannon
Then Angela and Bryan were thinking about going to the house, and Bryan wanted to give a bone to Angela
Afterwards, while spending time together Amber and Rachel went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to Rachel
After the lunch Paul and Samuel went to the store, and Samuel gave a kiss to Paul
Then Paul and Nicholas went to the hospital, and Paul gave a computer to Nicholas
Afterwards, Shannon and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to Shannon
When soon afterwards Kimberly and Adam got a basketball at the house, Kimberly decided to give it to Adam
Then, Jennifer and Tyler had a long argument and after that Tyler said to Jennifer
Then, Thomas and Ashley had a long argument. Afterwards Ashley said to Thomas
Afterwards, while spending time together Matthew and Melissa went to the office. Matthew gave a snack to Melissa
Then Samantha and Stephen went to the hospital, and Stephen gave a basketball to Samantha
Then Brandon and Michael went to the school, and Brandon gave a drink to Michael
Then in the morning, Christine and Brian went to the store. Christine gave a bone to Brian
Then Sean and Angela were working at the office, and Angela decided to give a ring to Sean
While spending time together Jamie and Kenneth were commuting to the office, Jamie gave a ring to Kenneth
Then Dustin and Anthony had a long argument, and after that Anthony said to Dustin
Then Steven and Danielle had a lot of fun at the store, and Danielle gave a necklace to Steven
After the lunch, Ryan and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a snack to Ryan
Afterwards Gregory and Samuel went to the hospital, and Samuel gave a ring to Gregory
After the lunch, Kyle and Laura went to the hospital. Kyle gave a necklace to Laura
Then in the morning, Brian and Christopher were working at the station. Brian decided to give a necklace to Christopher
Then Stephen and Kristen had a long argument, and after that Kristen said to Stephen
While spending time together Kenneth and Tiffany were commuting to the office, Kenneth gave a necklace to Tiffany
Then in the morning, Jamie and Mary had a lot of fun at the garden. Jamie gave a ring to Mary
When soon afterwards Jennifer and Sean got a basketball at the store, Jennifer decided to give the basketball to Sean
The local big school Paul and Jamie went to had a basketball. Paul gave it to Jamie
Afterwards Lauren and Ashley went to the store, and Lauren gave a computer to Ashley
Then Tiffany and Benjamin had a lot of fun at the hospital, and Tiffany gave a snack to Benjamin
Then, Sarah and Charles had a lot of fun at the garden. Charles gave a kiss to Sarah
While spending time together Jeffrey and Bryan were working at the school, Jeffrey gave a kiss to Bryan
Then, Timothy and Bradley went to the school. Timothy gave a snack to Bradley
Then Jason and James had a lot of fun at the restaurant, and James gave a snack to Jason
Then Gregory and Tyler were thinking about going to the restaurant, and Tyler wanted to give a ring to Gregory
Afterwards Jason and Eric went to the house, and Eric gave a snack to Jason
Then, Stephen and John had a long argument and after that Stephen said to John
